Item #: SCP-7231

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7231 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell with an interior similar to its previous personal living space. The cell must have a computer with programming software installed, a red beanie, and red scarf, and be furnished with basic furnishings. Its access to cigarette has to be monitored at all times for potential breaches of its containment. Non-disclosure contracts must be signed by all personnel who work with SCP-7231 or has access to its data.

Description: SCP-7231 is a male tiger with unique features that distinguish it from common tigers. SCP-7231's most distinctive feature is a frightened mouth resembling a "V" shape. SCP-7231 has unknown eye color as it constantly wears red-tinted glasses. Its forehead also displays a 2 color band. SCP-7231 habitually wears a red beanie, a jade earring on its left ear, and a red scarf around its neck. In addition, it is frequently observed smoking cigarettes during its programming sessions.

SCP-7231 has the unique ability to connect with individuals on a deeper level. Its charisma can be persuasive and entertaining, which could induce strangers to share their life stories or express themselves more openly than typical social norms allow. SCP-7231's jovial nature can create rapport and foster better communication not only with humans but sentient entities as well. SCP-7231 has shown no signs of violent or hostile behavior towards anyone, but it is essential to monitor its interactions with others.

Addendum: Through extensive interviews with SCP-7231, it was discovered that it had been living among humans for almost ten years disguising himself as a human. SCP-7231 claims to have been born a tiger but had to assume a human's form to move around more stealthily. SCP-7231's programming skills have been put to work for the Foundation, and its services have proved invaluable. The origin of SCP-7231 remains unknown, though it implies it originates from a reality where animals had developed human intelligence. Further research is needed to verify SCP-7231's statements.