Item #: 7619

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7619 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██. Access to SCP-7619 is restricted to Level 2 personnel and above. SCP-7619 is to be provided with a daily serving of fresh fruit and vegetables along with occasional treats such as candy sticks. Any attempts to bring in additional items must be approved by at least two Level 3 personnel.

Description: SCP-7619 is a humanoid entity, appearing as a monkey of the male sex, roughly 1.2m in height. Its body appears to be that of a Rhesus monkey (Macaca mulatta), but with several anomalous modifications. SCP-7619's head is covered with a blue bandana, and it wears horned rim glasses on its face. The entity also wears a jade earring on its right ear, a silver chain around its neck, and carries a candy stick at all times.

SCP-7619's most significant anomalous property is its introspective abilities. SCP-7619 has the capability of observing and analyzing its behavior and external environment, allowing it to survey and predict outcomes with exceptional accuracy. To facilitate this ability, SCP-7619 may spend extended periods in a state of contemplative meditation, leading it to become entirely oblivious to its surroundings or actions, often resulting in comical situations.

SCP-7619 is exceptionally docile and complacent, displaying a cooperative demeanor with Foundation staff. SCP-7619 is capable of communicating verbally in fluent English and has displayed an interest in law and human rights as its profession is that of a lawyer. It has even assisted in providing various legal advice to the Foundation on an as-needed basis, particularly in cases of disputes with other GOI's.

Addendum: Due to its unique abilities, SCP-7619 has been approved for testing with the cooperation of the entity. SCP-7619's introspective ability may have significant applications in daily life, particularly in various investigations and scientific experiments. As such, further testing is authorized and encouraged with the object's compliance.