Item #: SCP-4291

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4291 is to be kept in a reinforced steel containment chamber at all times. Only Level 3 personnel or higher are allowed access to the chamber, and any communication with SCP-4291 must be done through a speaker system. SCP-4291 is not to be allowed any contact with other organisms without direct, supervised permission from Site Director.

Description: SCP-4291, a male Siberian tiger, displays significant intelligence and is capable of human language. SCP-4291 has been observed to possess a wide variety of skills including planning and organization, which coupled with its tendency for spontaneity, have made it an effective and formidable leader of a criminal organization.

SCP-4291's green hair, purple cap, and red cross earring are believed to be markers of its leadership role within the criminal underworld. SCP-4291 has been observed to wear several accessories, most notably a silver chain and always seen with a cigarette.

SCP-4291's personality displays a calm and collected demeanor, but with a distinct fear in its voice and expressions at times. SCP-4291 is extremely organized, preferring to plan ahead, but has exhibited spontaneous tendencies that have resulted in amusing and even successful endeavors. However, these can still potentially pose a significant threat to Foundation personnel and the general public. SCP-4291's alleged criminal activities and affiliations with other anomalous organizations require ongoing attention and investigation.

Addendum: SCP-4291 has indicated through monitored communications that it is capable of, and interested in, contributing to foundation endeavors in exchange for unspecified benefits. However, given SCP-4291's criminal background, further details regarding its involvement remain to be negotiated. Strange occurrences in the foundation have been attributed to individuals associated with SCP-4291, thus further examination of the effectiveness of their proposed cooperation is yet to be determined.