Item #: SCP-3647

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3647 is currently contained within a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██. SCP-3647 is to be fed a diet of fresh fruit and vegetables, as well as abundance of candy sticks. Foundation personnel are encouraged to offer SCP-3647 opportunities to perform stand-up comedy routines as a way of maintaining a positive relationship. Any and all political affiliations must be reported immediately to Site-██.

Description: SCP-3647 appears to be a male primate of the species Macaca mulatta, often referred to as a Rhesus Monkey. In terms of physical traits, SCP-3647 exhibits normal black hair on its head, and red clown eyes, with a frightened mouth. SCP-3647 is particularly fond of candy sticks, which it is often seen holding in its hand.

SCP-3647 displays a remarkably outgoing and cheerful disposition, frequently laughing and joking with Foundation personnel. It is believed that SCP-3647 takes the clownish aesthetic traits on purpose, due to its love for humor.

Despite this demeanor however, SCP-3647 has exhibited remarkable charismatic skills, using humor, wit, and manipulation to influence others around it, making it a valuable addition in political campaigns, both local and national. SCP-3647's ability to gain trust and infiltrate authoritative circles poses a significant security risk to Foundation secrecy.

SCP-3647 is capable of communicating fluently in English and several other languages. Its ability to communicate rapidly often puts others at ease, regardless of their status, although it can deceive by its comedy.

Addendum 3647-A: SCP-3647's political activities

SCP-3647 was recovered from an abandoned circus in ██████████ after numerous reports of SCP involvement within the government. Its previous owner, a ████████ ████████, was apprehended by Foundation agents for unlawful practice of anomalous activities.

SCP-3647's political activities have since been monitored closely, with any political activities being reported immediately to Site-██. While SCP-3647 has not shown to have any malicious intentions, its influence could result in further anomalies within the governmental circles.

Connecting SCP-3647 to any political figures is prohibited and will result in severe disciplinary actions, up to termination.

At this time, no further experiments or activities surrounding SCP-3647 will be conducted, unless authorized by Level 3 clearance or higher.