Item #: SCP-7829

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7829 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at all times. The subject is not to be allowed access to any form of political power or public office. Any attempts by SCP-7829 to obtain political power or influence are to be immediately reported to the appropriate authorities for appropriate action. Physical contact or interaction with SCP-7829 requires the use of full protective gear, as SCP-7829 has been known to transfer anomalous properties through a simple touch.

Description: SCP-7829 is a male human of unknown age, currently masquerading as a politician. SCP-7829's face features prominently orange stripes and a frightened mouth, with blue clown eyes. SCP-7829 regularly wears a short peak cap, with a 2 color band on their forehead and jade earring on each ear. Additional features include a red scarf and a candy stick, which have both been found to possess anomalous properties.

SCP-7829 is more than just a regular politician, however. They have displayed an innate ability to influence and manipulate those around them, often without those individuals realizing the extent of it. SCP-7829's anomalous properties seem to be centered around their ability to make others feel comfortable, happy and at ease. This has led to SCP-7829's ability to gain large followings, and work their way into positions of power.

SCP-7829 is generally a jovial and carefree individual, with a strong sense of humor and a tendency to let loose when socializing. However, this mirthful behavior should not be taken as an indication that SCP-7829 is to be underestimated or taken lightly. SCP-7829 is a master manipulator and has been known to use their charm to great effect in order to achieve their aims.

Addendum: Given SCP-7829's potential for political influence, a number of Foundation operatives have been inserted into various political organizations in order to monitor and counteract any attempts by SCP-7829 to gain additional influence. As of yet, no direct confrontation with SCP-7829 has been attempted, but plans for such an eventuality are in place.