Item #: SCP-7952

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7952 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment chamber located within Site-██. They are allowed to continue working in their profession as a beautician, provided that they do not breach containment protocol or reveal information about the Foundation's existence. SCP-7952 is also allowed access to entertainment materials such as television, books, and DVDs.

Description: SCP-7952 is a male human with prominent spots on their face. They wear normal glasses and a blue bandana around their head, and they also wear a medical mask over their mouth. SCP-7952 often accessorizes with a gold chain.

SCP-7952 is a beautician by trade, and their humor and energy make them a favorite among their clientele. Their ability to make others laugh may seem harmless, but it also serves as a method of manipulation. Due to their outgoing personality, SCP-7952 has been known to gather information about their clients, which they may later use to their advantage.

SCP-7952's humor has been known to create chaos in containment facilities, often causing containment breaches and property damage. Foundation personnel are advised to keep their interactions with SCP-7952 limited and strictly professional.

Addendum: In Incident Report ██-██-████, SCP-7952 was found attempting to create a makeshift makeover station within their containment chamber. Foundation personnel discovered that SCP-7952 had smuggled in a variety of beauty products, including scissors and hair dye.

Interview Log ██-██-████:

Dr. █████: Can you explain the reasoning behind your attempt to create a makeover station within your containment chamber?

SCP-7952: (laughs) I was just trying to bring a little beauty to this place.

Dr. █████: You understand that this is a breach of containment protocol?

SCP-7952: (smirks) Oh, come on. It's not like I'm trying to escape or anything.

Dr. █████: (sighs) We need to make sure you understand the gravity of your actions. Your sense of humor can be detrimental to our efforts to contain you.

SCP-7952: (eyes widen) Okay, okay. I get it. No more makeover stations.

Dr. █████: Good. We want to ensure that you are comfortable within your containment chamber, but we also need to maintain the safety of the Foundation.

SCP-7952: (nods) Understood. And hey, if anyone needs a haircut, just let me know. (laughs)