Item #: 6363

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6363 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber. All staff members are required to wear filtered ear protection when entering SCP-6363's containment chamber due to the sound generated by the VR Jade LED eyes. Any unauthorized attempts to access SCP-6363's chambers are to be dealt with immediately.

Description: SCP-6363 is a humanoid entity, resembling a human female with notable rabbit features. SCP-6363 stands at approximately 5'7" and weighs around 120lbs. Notable features include purple lips, VR jade LED eyes, a rabbit's head, gold earrings on each ear, and a silver chain. SCP-6363 has a goggle attached to the forehead as well.

While SCP-6363 is identified as a human, some changes in her biology exist, which separates her from a typical specimen. SCP-6363 also displays an unusual ability to sense the emotions of those around her, allowing her to be perceived as having extrasensory powers. However, it should be noted that SCP-6363 is not capable of mind-reading, nor can she predict events beyond the realm of chance.

SCP-6363 is a skilled fashion designer and is known to produce excellent fashion lines. She often brings a sense of creativity and charm to the workplace, which leaves those around her impressed. However, SCP-6363 may also become temperamental and often harsh, with a tendency to demand perfection from others. Those who fail to meet her standards may be subject to her unpredictable mood swings.

Addendum: SCP-6363 was taken into Foundation custody after her clothing brand gained notoriety for generating high-stress situations among customers. Reports of behaviour such as fear, extreme anxiety and depression from those who wore his clothes, forced the Foundation to investigate the potential that a cognitive or memetic hazard was being transmitted. Upon isolating SCP-6363, her containment has been stable. After extensive questioning, it was confirmed that SCP-6363 had no malicious intent, rather her abilities affecting the emotional states of others were entirely unintentional.