Item #: SCP-1268

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1268 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██. SCP-1268 is permitted to continue their occupation as a banker but is to be monitored at all times for any anomalous financial activity. 

Description: SCP-1268 is a human male with green hair that is not arranged, wearing nerd glasses and a medical mask covering their mouth. SCP-1268 is noted to have spots on their face and a perpetual smile. Additionally, SCP-1268 has a red victory band tied around their forehead, which is believed to be an indication of past involvement in revolutionary activities. 

SCP-1268 exhibits a strong sense of independence and is often unwilling to ask for help, even when they require assistance. This can result in humorous situations, such as stubbornly attempting to move large furniture items by themselves or refusing to use a map when lost. SCP-1268's reluctance to seek assistance may be due to a fear of being a burden on others or a desire to maintain control over their own life. 

SCP-1268's occupation as a banker may also contribute to their independent nature, as they are accustomed to handling finances on their own. However, due to SCP-1268's anomalous abilities, financial monitoring is necessary to prevent any anomalies related to banking from occurring. 

SCP-1268 has not exhibited any malicious behavior but can become agitated if left alone for long periods of time. It is recommended that SCP-1268 be provided with activities to keep them occupied while in containment. 

Addendum: On ██/██/████, SCP-1268 was found attempting to break into the Site-██ vault. When confronted, SCP-1268 displayed an ability to instantly transfer wealth from one account to another without leaving any trace of the transaction. This ability has been classified as SCP-1268-A and is to be closely monitored. SCP-1268 has not demonstrated any further attempts to access prohibited areas, but additional security measures have been implemented to prevent future breaches.