Item #: SCP-4694

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4694 is to be kept on a farm in a rural location, monitored by Foundation personnel posing as farmers. Access to SCP-4694 is limited to authorized personnel only, and any visitors are to be screened for potential memetic or reality-altering effects.

Description: SCP-4694 is a humanoid entity identified as a farmer. Subject displays average human physical characteristics, with the exception of the addition of nerd glasses and goggles on the forehead, as well as a jade earring on the right ear. SCP-4694's primary anomalous trait is its exceptional brainstorming abilities. The subject displays a constant need to come up with new and creative ideas, often at a rapid pace.

SCP-4694's brainstorming abilities have been found to be humorous in nature, as the subject often suggests outlandish solutions to problems just to see how others react. However, caution must be taken as these ideas may carry potential memetic or reality-altering effects.

SCP-4694 has been cooperative with Foundation personnel, and has shown no aggression or anomalous behavior outside of its brainstorming tendencies. Testing has shown no physical or psychic abnormalities, leading to its classification as Safe.

Addendum:

Interview log with SCP-4694:

Dr. ██████: Good morning, SCP-4694.

SCP-4694: Good morning, Doc. Have any good ideas for me today?

Dr. ██████: Actually, I have a few questions for you. Can you tell me more about your brainstorming abilities?

SCP-4694: Oh sure! I can think up all kinds of crazy ideas. It's like a superpower, you know?

Dr. ██████: I see. Do you ever feel like your ideas have negative consequences?

SCP-4694: Hmm, not really. I just like to see what people think of my ideas. Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're bad, but most of the time they're just funny.

Dr. ██████: I understand. Thank you for your time, SCP-4694.

SCP-4694: No problem, Doc. If you need any more ideas, just let me know!