Item #: SCP-7704

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7704 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell outfitted with basic recreational amenities. Access to television, books, and other entertainment media is to be granted only upon approval by senior staff. Weekly psychological evaluations are mandatory in order to manage SCP-7704's pronounced social tendencies. During containment, personnel are advised to maintain a lighthearted, jovial attitude in order to prevent emotional distress.

Description: SCP-7704 is a European-Caribbean human male, approximately 30 years old, standing at 5'10". SCP-7704's most noticeable features are his neon-orange striped facial tattoos and permanent smile. SCP-7704 possesses standard human eyesight but wears corrective eyeglasses, which he describes as being "stylish."

SCP-7704 has green hair styled in a purple cap and often wears a gold chain around his neck. He also has a jade earring on his right ear. Despite his anomalous abilities, SCP-7704 is employed as a delivery driver for an urban courier company in [REDACTED], USA.

SCP-7704 is notable for his social and outgoing demeanor. SCP-7704 enjoys being the center of attention, telling jokes, and entertaining those around him. However, his need for social interaction becomes problematic when it leads to excessive familiarity with strangers, such as delivery recipients. SCP-7704 has demonstrated the ability to extract personal information from individuals he has only just met, often leaving them feeling uncomfortable.

SCP-7704's personality, while outwardly cheerful, has caused some members of staff to question his mental health. Dr. [REDACTED], head psychologist at Site-██, has suggested that SCP-7704 may be using humor and social interaction as a means of masking severe emotional trauma.

Addendum: During a routine physical examination, SCP-7704 exhibited the ability to generate small electric shocks, believed to be a secondary anomalous trait. Further testing is required to determine the full extent of SCP-7704's capabilities.