Item #: SCP-4310

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4310 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-██. It is allowed access to a computer with internet connection for the purposes of programming work. SCP-4310 must wear a medical mask at all times and is only allowed to remove it under controlled circumstances, as SCP-4310 has been known to imbue objects with anomalous properties through what is currently believed to be a form of contagious memetic effect.

Description: SCP-4310 is a human male with a number of distinct features. SCP-4310's face is marked by numerous spots or freckles, which contrast with a broad smile. Its eyes are distinctly abnormal, with irises that are bright blue and exhibit an irregular pattern of lines and shapes that resemble clown makeup. SCP-4310's hair is covered by a purple cap with a headset attached. The cap also has a two-color band that goes around the front. Its ears are pierced with a jade earring, and it wears a silver chain as an accessory.

SCP-4310 can communicate fluently in multiple programming languages, with a proficiency that exceeds that of many humans. However, its anomalous properties lie in its anomalous nurturing tendencies, which often extend to inanimate objects in its vicinity. Although SCP-4310 tends to be friendly and cooperative with Foundation personnel, its anomalous traits have led to increased surveillance and containment efforts.

SCP-4310 is highly protective of its programming equipment, and evidence suggests that the objects it uses regularly become encoded with anomalous properties over time. Foundation researchers are investigating the nature of this effect, though so far they have been unable to determine a specific triggering mechanism.

SCP-4310's care for inanimate objects extends to items with no apparent value, such as rocks and balls of string. The full extent of these abilities has yet to be explored, but it is believed that SCP-4310's memetic abilities may be related to a broader capacity for interaction with non-human entities.

Addendum: Interview Log 4310-01

Dr. ██████: Good afternoon, SCP-4310. How are you feeling today?

SCP-4310: Oh, hi there! I'm doing well, thanks. Just trying to debug some code. You know how it is.

Dr. ██████: Yes, I imagine you find programming quite fulfilling. However, we need to discuss your anomalous abilities.

SCP-4310: Oh? I don't know what you mean. I don't have any superpowers or anything like that.

Dr. ██████: Your ability to imbue objects with anomalous properties has been noted. We need to understand how this works.

SCP-4310: Really? I suppose I do have a way with objects. I find that if you treat them right, they can really surprise you. Have you ever been friends with a toaster? It's amazing what they can do when they feel appreciated.

Dr. ██████: I see. Could you give us an example of what you mean by "treating objects right"?

SCP-4310: Oh, just talking to them, cleaning them, making sure they have what they need. It's all about respect, you know?

Dr. ██████: And how do you think this manifests in the objects' anomalous effects?

SCP-4310: Hmm. I'm not sure. I don't set out to make them do anything special. I just want them to be happy, like any other friend.

Dr. ██████: I understand. Thank you for your time, SCP-4310.

Closing Statement: SCP-4310's anomalous abilities and their potential implications for anomalous research are ongoing. As SCP-4310's effects can be triggered arbitrarily, any objects that SCP-4310 is allowed to interact with should be closely monitored for anomalous properties. Further experimentation and research is ongoing.