Item #: 6164 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6164 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment cell. It must be provided with a variety of fruits and vegetables including banana, apple, grapes, and carrots. Any changes to the routine should be made gradually to prevent any behavioral changes or disturbances. Daily exercise, communication and attention should be provided so as to avoid its stress which may lead to behavioral changes. 

SCP-6164 must not be allowed outside of its containment chamber, except with experimental purposes and under strict supervision. Any subjects interacting with SCP-6164 outside of experiments and personnel who may have been bitten or scratched by it will be quarantined in a separate containment chamber immediately for a period of observation. 

Description: SCP 6164 appears to be a member of the Capuchin Monkey species. However, it carries a red scarf around its neck and produces blue clown-like eyes whenever it interacts with humans. The purpose is not yet clear but it is suggested that it uses these traits to gain attention and/or sympathy from humans. It also has a whistle which it uses for communication, but not in a manner  similar to the primate language. The whistle sound bears no correlation to any known primate calls. 

SCP-6164 displays a varied range of emotions and can communicate through sign language and written language, and can even use short and simple sentences to communicate with other people, although it primarily communicates through whistle sound signals. 

Personality: SCP-6164 is very consistent in its routine but can be quite stubborn and resistant to change or new ideas. This often leads to conflicts with new individuals or scenarios introduced into its environment. However, it is highly reliable and organized and can be depended on to complete given tasks. 

While its understanding and sign language skills are clear, its communicative motive, thought process and motivations are unknown. It has displayed mild aggression, distrust, and contempt towards several personnel when initially introduced to them. It is important to note that SCP-6164 has not shown any signs of developing higher intelligence, but its capability to learn and adapt is above average for its species. 

Addendum: SCP-6164 was recovered from a used car dealership, hence its job title as a car salesman. It was noted that several people working around it have reported they had difficulty selling cars as clients would maintain a disproportionate attraction to SCP-6164. SCP-6164's whistle and attention-seeking personality may have been the cause of this phenomena. SCP-6164 is currently undergoing further examination to determine the source of its unique traits.