Item #: SCP-2433

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2433 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber outfitted with a full-length mirror and basic beauty supplies. Personal items such as cigarettes may be provided at the discretion of on-site personnel based on behavior and compliance with Foundation regulations. All interactions with SCP-2433 must be recorded and reviewed by at least one Level 3 or higher staff member.

Description: SCP-2433 is a female humanoid of human origin with distinctive orange tiger stripes on her face and a permanent smile. SCP-2433's eyes have been surgically altered to resemble blue clown eyes. SCP-2433 regularly accessorizes her appearance with a cross earring and cigarette, which she can often be found smoking.

SCP-2433 claims to be a freelance beautician and is known for her flamboyant and eccentric hairstyles and makeup, as well as her tendency to act impulsively. SCP-2433 often tries to impress others with her daring stunts or fashion choices, which can lead to minor accidents or injuries.

SCP-2433's behavior and personality traits suggest a need for attention and validation, which may be related to her chosen career path. Despite her tendency towards recklessness, SCP-2433 is compliant with Foundation protocols and has not demonstrated any anomalous abilities beyond her physical appearance and behavior.

Addendum: Interview Log 2433-01

Interviewed: SCP-2433

Interviewer: Dr. ███████

Foreword: Initial interview to establish SCP-2433's background and motivations.

<Begin Log>

Dr. ███████: Good afternoon, SCP-2433. How are you feeling today?

SCP-2433: Oh, hey there, sugar. I'm feeling fabulous, as always.

Dr. ███████: Can you tell me a bit about your profession as a beautician?

SCP-2433: Absolutely! I'm all about helping people look and feel their best. Life's too short to waste it looking boring or plain, you know?

Dr. ███████: And do you feel that your appearance is important to your work?

SCP-2433: Of course! I have to set an example for my clients. Plus, who doesn't like to make a statement?

Dr. ███████: Have you always been interested in beauty and fashion?

SCP-2433: Oh yeah, ever since I was a little girl. My mom used to let me experiment with her makeup all the time. I guess you could say I was born to stand out.

Dr. ███████: And how do you feel about being contained by the Foundation?

SCP-2433: Listen, sweetheart, I'm just here to do my time and get back to my life. You guys do what you have to do, I'm just trying to stay fabulous.

<End Log>

Closing Statement: SCP-2433's demeanor was cooperative and compliant during the interview. No additional information was obtained beyond her stated motivations and interests.