Item #: SCP-694

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-694 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber with standard amenities. As of now, SCP-694 presents no anomalous behavior or abilities. However, should any such instances arise, personnel should refer to the updated containment procedures for SCP-694.

Description: SCP-694 is a 31-year-old human female of average height and build. They have a welcoming smile and a friendly demeanor. SCP-694 is easily identified by their unique orange eyebrows and a tiara that are worn at all times. Another notable feature is the silver chain that they wear around their neck.

SCP-694 is a skilled mechanic and has worked on a variety of machines and vehicles. However, it should be noted that they can be somewhat scatterbrained at times, leading to forgetfulness and easily getting sidetracked. SCP-694 has a tendency to forget important appointments or get lost while trying to find new places. This can lead to some humorous situations.

It is currently unknown if SCP-694 possesses any anomalous properties or abilities. Further observation and monitoring are ongoing to determine if any such instances arise.

Addendum 694-01: On ██/██/20██, SCP-694 experienced a sudden onset of anomalous behavior. SCP-694 began to emit a bright orange light from their tiara, causing nearby electronic devices to malfunction. SCP-694 was immediately placed in isolation to further study this phenomenon. After 48 hours, the anomalous behavior ceased, and SCP-694 returned to their previous personality and behavior. All data and observations were recorded and referred to the head researchers for further analysis.

Addendum 694-02: Due to SCP-694's unique abilities and personality, they have been recruited to assist in a variety of Foundation projects. SCP-694 has proven to be invaluable in the maintenance and repair of Foundation machinery and equipment. Personnel are reminded to treat SCP-694 with respect and to inform them of any important appointments or schedules to prevent any potential accidents or mishaps.