Item #: 7870

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures:

Subject number 7870 is to be contained within the limits of the city that they police. Due to their occupation as a traffic officer, they have a tendency to move around and explore various areas in search of traffic violations. However, their curiosity has not been deemed a threat to the operations of the Foundation. Thus, they are to be left to their own devices; however, they are to be monitored by Investigation Division for any potential danger or unusual activities.

Description:

Subject number 7870 is a typical, human female, with a likable personality and quick wit. Her fair skin is decorated by numerous spots, with hints of makeup around her eyes that give off an almost robotic appearance with the VR Jade LED hues she has. They wear various festival headgear and a simple silver chain, with bold purple lipstick completing her casual yet vibrant look.

Despite their seemingly organic appearance, it is advised for personnel to not scrutinize 7870's blood unless it is absolutely necessary. Other bodily functions seem mostly ordinary, but their frequent laughter is known to cause a mysterious energy reaction that has been recorded and cataloged. 

7870 is a lover of debate, offering playful arguments with any who are willing on various topics spanning from politics, to harmless hypotheticals. They are commonly friendly with other personnel and are incredibly cooperative when providing help or testimony. However, their love of discourse can occasionally lead them into situations that might not be wise or without caution.

The full extent of their personality seems to have a ripple effect that spreads throughout any given area, causing people to become more laid back and friendly in nature. Their laughter lulls individuals into a peaceful trance, creating a positive effect on anyone around them.

Addendum: 

Subject remained to be mostly compliant, and their potential for danger to the Foundation is considered low. However, it should be noted that they seem to exhibit some unusual properties that warrant further observation, and it is theory potentially further testing.