Item #: SCP-4288

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4288 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell, equipped with an overhead sprinkler system to simulate natural rainforest conditions. The containment chamber should be furnished with a television tuned to a news station for the comfort and entertainment of SCP-4288. Personnel assigned to SCP-4288 must be aware of his bossy and intimidating personality but are not to engage with his demands unless necessary.

Description: SCP-4288 is a juvenile male monkey wearing a red beanie and a gold chain around his neck. Its species remains unidentified and its eyes are rarely visible due to the beanie pulled down to his head.

SCP-4288 works as a news anchor and will often attempt to control situations around it. SCP-4288 has a strong and decisive personality, which it uses to assert its authority over those around it. It appears to have a large amount of knowledge on current events and can provide in-depth and helpful analysis on topics he cares about. However, the downside to this personality is that it can be harsh and intimidating, resulting in others feeling apprehensive in its presence.

SCP-4288 has shown some unusual abilities. It can bend light around itself and change its appearance as desired, making it difficult to identify him in a crowd. SCP-4288’s vocalizations have also shown to be able to hypnotize subjects that hear them, resulting in compliance with its commands. Moreover, SCP-4288 can cause hallucinations by clapping its hands or stomping its feet.

SCP-4288 was discovered after an incident in which it was trying to make headlines by reporting the news, but its commanding personality resulted in a conflict with the station management that led to them calling the Foundation. After attempting to escape twice by disguising itself as a human journalist, SCP-4288 was eventually captured by the Foundation and contained.

Addendum: Though SCP-4288 can be intimidating, it has also shown emotional vulnerability at times, particularly when it comes to his ambitions and professional success. These emotions should be used in any further interviews with SCP-4288 for psychological evaluation purposes.