Item #: 810

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-810 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber with adequate provisions and monitoring equipment. No physical contact between SCP-810 and non-authorised personnel is allowed without explicit approval from at least two Level 3 personnel or higher. As SCP-810 has a tendency to invent outlandish solutions, it is imperative that its intellectual projects are contained and systematically assessed to prevent any possible disruptions to normalcy.

Description: SCP-810 is a male monkey in the employ of a local bank as a banker. SCP-810's features include a frightened mouth and shades covering its eyes. Its forehead bears a two-color band and a goggle rests atop of it. It is accessorised with a gold chain around his neck and a whistle. SCP-810 is highly intelligent and an avid brainstormer, often coming up with new and creative solutions to various problems.

SCP-810 displays a trusting and approachable persona. Its stunning creativity could quickly result in humorous situations as it suggests far-fetched or ridiculous solutions to problems. SCP-810's psyche has been consistently monitored to ensure its well-being and to limit its potential for disruption. 

SCP-810 proved to be suitable for various assignments. Its intelligence has been utilised in creating new financial systems to protect and secure the banking facility. The suggestions put forward by SCP-810, although at times unusual, have saved money and reduced possible loss through its impeccable ideas input.


Addendum: Following testing, it was observed that SCP-810 had created an invention that defies the laws of the natural world. It enabled the subject to harness forces previously thought to be mathematical absurdities. A thorough examination of the contraption discovered that SCP-810 had fused areas of fundamental physics with those of quantum mechanics. The invention exposed the bank to significant unforeseeable risks; hence all ideas generated by SCP-810 undergo intense scrutiny before being implemented. Steps are being taken to contain and isolate the invention from the public domain.  

SCP-810 has proved a valuable asset in the development of new financial systems and technologies, and it is recommended to continue to utilise its expertise while keeping any invention discoveries a top priority for containment.