SCP Foundation Containment Report: 6307

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-6307 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber with the additional provision of a soundproofing system. To maintain the well-being of SCP-6307, the chamber will include a VR headset to provide the illusion of an outdoor environment, as well as access to writing and crafting materials.

Under no circumstances should SCP-6307 be allowed contact with any human creature, whether by physical presence, electronic communications or any other means. All personnel communicating with SCP-6307 must do so using written messages, which are to be handed over to SCP-6307 through a secure and sealed delivery system that prevents any direct or indirect exposure.

Description:

SCP-6307 is a male rabbit of unknown age, measuring 50 cm in height and weighing approximately 3 kg. SCP-6307 displays no anomalous physical abilities, yet serves as a host to a remarkable creative and imaginative mind that possesses powers of conceptualization unmatched by any other known biological entity.

SCP-6307's imagination, however, appears to be volatile, and its manifestation tends to fall under the category of anamorphic or surrealistic imagery, often causing behaviour modification either in SCP-6307 itself or anyone who is directly, or indirectly exposed to SCP-6307's mental operations.

SCP-6307 presents with a distinctive physical appearance, wearing a bucket hat on its head, with a two-colour band across the forehead and a gold earring in each ear. SCP-6307 carries around a silver chain, and a gas mask that appears to have no functionality or connection to the bunny's body.

Personality:

SCP-6307 exhibits a lively and curious personality, with a keen interest in creating imaginative works of art; writing poetry, designing and constructing unique cosplay costumes, and collecting individually remarkable objects. In its current containment setting, SCP-6307 often spends hours at a time in a corner of its chamber, engaging in its creative activities.

SCP-6307's creative pursuits can be disruptive towards maintaining a reliable containment effect, as SCP-6307's imagination can generate abstract concepts that may cause constructive interference with the mundane world. For these reasons, SCP-6307 will continue to be monitored in a secured containment chamber, with any outputs from its creative mind scrupulously examined by Foundation personnel.