Item #: SCP-1724

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-1724 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell with all necessary amenities for a farmer. It is advised that any interactions with SCP-1724 be performed while wearing Class-D Personnel suits to protect against any potential infectious agents carried by SCP-1724.

SCP-1724 must be supplied with materials for farming and agricultural work as per usual, and any produce grown must be checked for anomalous effects prior to consumption.

Description:

SCP-1724 is a humanoid female identified as a farmer. SCP-1724's most notable physical features include the spots on her face and her red clown eyes. SCP-1724 is commonly seen wearing a bucket hat and a medical mask over her mouth. She also has red cross earrings and a choker as accessories.

SCP-1724 is known to have a scattered personality and may easily forget things or get sidetracked. However, this may be due in part to the anomalous nature of SCP-1724, as individuals who come into contact with SCP-1724 may experience some form of temporary memory loss.

SCP-1724 has shown the ability to grow and harvest crops at an accelerated rate, but these crops may possess anomalous properties. Testing has shown that these crops have resulted in either temporary or permanent physical alterations to the consumer. It is advised that any produce grown by SCP-1724 must undergo thorough testing before being consumed.

Despite possessing some level of reality-warping abilities, SCP-1724 has not shown any aggression or hostility towards Foundation personnel. However, caution is still advised when interacting with SCP-1724 due to their unpredictability.

Addendum:

Experiment Log - SCP-1724-1

Subject: SCP-1724 and Class-D Personnel
Procedure: SCP-1724 was instructed to plant several different types of seeds for experimental purposes. Class-D Personnel were subsequently instructed to eat the resulting fruit of each seed type.
Results: Class-D Personnel experienced the following anomalous effects:

- Seed A: Temporary paralysis in left arm
- Seed B: Permanent change in eye color to purple
- Seed C: Permanent growth of additional digit on each hand
- Seed D: Temporary increase in strength

SCP-1724's ability to produce anomalous agricultural products continues to present a potential hazard to those in contact with it, and it is recommended that SCP-1724 be monitored closely for any further containment breaches.