Item #: 960

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: Subject 960, known under the pseudonym "The Fashion Designer," is to be granted access to a dedicated atelier fitted with state-of-the-art fashion equipment, materials and resources. The atelier must include a mobile phone on a dedicated line, which will be answered by a designated Foundation liaison. This liaison is responsible for ensuring that Subject 960's whereabouts and work itinerary are coordinated with any ongoing Foundation operations.

In addition, Subject 960 must receive periodic medical and psychological evaluations to ensure her well-being and engagement with her work. Any deviation from her established work pattern must be immediately reported to Foundation Security.

Description: Subject 960 is a human female in her mid-thirties known for her exquisite and avant-garde designs. Subject 960's most striking feature is her blue clown-like eyes, which, while unusual, are borderline anomalous in their effect. Her head has not been arranged in its natural colour and is dyed green, a cross earring completing her ensemble. The subject can be forgetful, easily distracted and prone to losing track of time.

Subject 960's eccentricities aside, her designs have been known to display an extraordinary range of inspirations, methods, and techniques, that appeal to a wide range of customers, some of them under the control of GOIs. Subject 960's talents appear to have a minor cognitohazardous effect on those in close proximity to her, with reports of some individuals becoming mesmerized or feeling a compelling need to buy or wear her creations.

Going off the record, Subject 960 has been known to display anomalous patterns that suggest a familiarity with reality-bending phenomena. Though Foundation agents have not been able to ascertain the source of these suspicions, it is assumed the subject has some exposure to the occult and otherworldly phenomena.

Personality: Beyond her talent, Subject 960 can be difficult to work with due to her forgetfulness, spacey nature, and overall eccentric tendencies. However, her passion for her craft and her genuine desire to create something unique and beautiful are evident in her work, which is why she's gained a following both within Foundation staff and the upper echelons of society. In spite of, or perhaps because of her quirks and uncanny features, Subject 960 is a cultural powerhouse that evokes inspiration in those around her.