Item #: SCP-7372

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7372 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber. The chamber must be equipped with a surveillance system, and have two guards stationed outside at all times. No physical interaction with SCP-7372 is allowed without prior approval from at least two Level 3 personnel.

Description: SCP-7372 appears to be a male human of average height and build, with blue clown eyes and a distinctive mouth spot. They often wear a police cap and a red scarf as accessories. SCP-7372 works as an electrician in the local area and has been described as friendly and approachable.

Personality: SCP-7372 exhibits a highly empathetic and compassionate personality, but has a tendency to take on other people's problems as their own. They appear to feel responsible for fixing everything and everyone around them, which can often lead to exhaustion. SCP-7372's desire to help others has led to a number of incidents where they have put themselves in danger.

Addendum 1: Incident Report

On [REDACTED], SCP-7372 was approached by a group of civilians who claimed their homes had been experiencing electrical issues. SCP-7372 agreed to investigate the matter but soon discovered that the civilians were being targeted by a group of anomalous entities. SCP-7372 was able to neutralize the threat and contacted the Foundation for backup. Following this incident, SCP-7372 was brought into Foundation custody for containment.

Addendum 2: Interview Log

Interviewed: SCP-7372

Interviewer: Dr. ██████

Foreword: Dr. ██████ conducted a standard interview with SCP-7372 to gather further information about their abilities and personality.

Dr. ██████: Can you describe your abilities as an electrician?

SCP-7372: I specialize in repairing electrical systems and manipulating currents. I can sense when something is wrong with a system and often have a good idea of how to fix it.

Dr. ██████: Have you ever encountered any anomalous electrical phenomena?

SCP-7372: Yes, I have. I once had to repair a system that had been damaged by an electrical entity. It was quite a challenge, but I managed to fix it in the end.

Dr. ██████: How do you feel about being contained by the Foundation?

SCP-7372: It's not ideal, but I understand why I need to be contained. I just wish I could use my abilities to help people more.

Closing Statement: SCP-7372 remains cooperative and compliant with Foundation personnel. Further testing is required to fully understand their abilities and potential use in containing anomalous electrical phenomena.