Item#: 6180

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6180 is to be monitored at all times, both in her professional and personal life. She is to be allowed access to television studios only under close supervision. SCP-6180 must avoid public appearances that could trigger her anomalous manifestation. Any event or activity she participates in require approval from at least two Level 3 personnel.

Description: SCP-6180 is a female human with distinctive orange stripes on her short witch-like head. Wearing normal glasses and gold earrings with various silver chains, SCP-6180 presents as a news anchor in ██████ local news station. Her appearance is unusual but not subjectively threatening. However, prolonged visual contact leads to disorientation and hallucinations.

SCP-6180's anomalous traits emerge whenever she expresses her creative and artistic side through various hobbies or interests. She may enjoy painting, drawing, writing or other forms of artistic expression which triggers a 2 color band to appear on her forehead. The color varies depending on the type of activity she's involved in, and the colors tend to shift rapidly, causing headaches and mild dizziness to the observer.

SCP-6180's appearance and activity have a truth-twisting and perception-altering effect on humans. She spreads illogical truths that can induce confusion and delusion, and confusion can escalate to madness, which can be severe in some cases. SCP-6180 also carries a lit cigarette that has to be removed to avoid any fatal ignition or smoke inhalation.

Addendum 1: SCP-6180's original identity or how she became anomalous are unknown. She appeared in a news anchor vacancy with no record of a job application or background check.

Addendum 2: Further research showed SCP-6180 has a string of previous job applications and brief stays at psychiatric wards, all linked to delusion and hallucination events.

Addendum 3: SCP-6180 has been given the option to cooperate with The Foundation in exchange for protection from the public or remnants of an unknown interest group. She hesitated at first but has agreed to assist in ongoing investigations.