Item #: 6201

Object Class: Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-6201 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell, furnished with a comfortable bed, a desk, and a chair. SCP-6201 is allowed one hour of free time per day, in which he can engage in activities of his choosing, under staff supervision. Staff is advised to treat SCP-6201 with utmost respect and caution due to his physical abilities.

SCP-6201 is not to be released into the public. He has been embedded within a car dealership business, operating solely as a car salesman, without any knowledge of his true nature. 

Description:

SCP-6201 is a male tiger with a height of 210 cm and a weight of 170 kg. His head is covered with a hoodie that bears the logo of the car dealership. SCP-6201 wears horn-rimmed glasses over his orange and black striped eyes. He also keeps a candy stick in his mouth, which he chews on frequently. 

Personality:

SCP-6201 is an extremely practical individual, often finding unconventional methods to fix problems. He is known to use duct tape and paper clips for repairs and prefers to solve problems with a hands-on approach. Despite his practical nature, he has a friendly demeanour, and interacts congenially with all customers who visit the car dealership. SCP-6201 develops an exceptional recall of each customer and creates rapport by making small talk and supplying them with his candy stick. 

Addendum:

SCP-6201 was brought to the Foundation's attention when reports of a tiger working at a car dealership surfaced. MTF Alpha-91 'Pest Control' was dispatched to contain SCP-6201. The situation was diffused when it was discovered that SCP-6201 lacked knowledge of his true nature. SCP-6201 was recruited into the Foundation, and his cover as a car salesman In thе car dealership was arranged. SCP-6201 poses no threat to the public as he is not aware of his abilities, and his presence in the car dealership has helped the Foundation to keep track of potential paranormal activity.