Item #: 4967


Object Class: Safe


Special Containment Procedures:

Subject 4967 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber, with any necessary maintenance scheduled at least twice a month. Should the subject require any leaving the facility, a team of no less than two persons is to accompany them. 4967 is at all times to be fitted with both a GPS tracking device and a panic button should any unusual activity occur.

Description:


Subject 4967 is a male human police officer measuring approximately 6 feet in height, and weighing approximately 190 pounds. The subject's most distinguishing feature is a small spot on the left side of their mouth. Additionally, the subject's head is metal and purple in color, with jade earrings adorning both of their earlobes. 4967 also wears a gold chain around their neck. 

4967 is a highly idealistic individual who seeks to make the world a better place in any way possible. This desire often leads to the subject taking actions that may seem out of place for a police officer, such as protesting or boycotting a company or cause that they feel goes against their values. While this has led to some humorous situations, it must be noted that the subject's intentions are pure and rooted in their overwhelming desire to do what they perceive to be the right thing.

As such, the subject has proven themselves to be a valuable asset to numerous investigations, using their unique perspective to provide insight beyond that of their fellow officers. Additionally, the subject's metal head appears to provide a level of durability beyond that of the average human, though more research is required to fully understand this phenomenon.

Containment Status:


Safe.


Addendum:


Subject 4967's ultimate goals and intentions are still unclear at this time, but monitoring efforts are ongoing. It is recommended that any further research be done with caution, as the subject's unique physical and mental abilities are still being explored.