Item #: 2320

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2320 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-19. Standard security measures are to be applied, such as full surveillance, daily check-ups, and secure access control. SCP-2320 is allowed to leave its containment chamber, but only under the escort of at least two Level-2 personnel, and only for the purpose of performing its duties as a Real Estate Agent for the Foundation.

Description: SCP-2320 is a humanoid male of the Homosapien species, standing at 5’11’’ with a slender build. It has a distinctive mouth spot on the upper lip and tends to display a frequent smile, revealing its straight and white teeth. SCP-2320's eyes are shielded by a pair of nerd glasses, which serve no apparent anomalous functions but are simply used for vision correction.

SCP-2320's head appears to be not arranged, with green hair that is left to grow naturally. This feature shows no anomalous properties and is presumably a personal preference. SCP-2320 often designates itself as "a silly gas mask guy" and wears a normal gas mask as an accessory. SCP-2320's personality is characterized as humorous, frequently making jokes and doing silly impressions to lighten the mood or distract Foundation personnel from their daily routines.

Adding SCP-2320 to our Real Estate Team, has proved to be extremely beneficial and noteworthy, bringing a unique perspective in marketing and sales talks for several Foundation locations worldwide. Its humor and wit have eased possible tensions during inspections, negotiations among other organizations, and sometimes diffused possible containment breaches. 

It is to be emphasized that SCP-2320's good humor must not be misconstrued as a lack of seriousness towards its personal safety or security of Foundation objectives. SCP-2320 is expected to always maintain proper conduct and is to be accountable for its actions, following standard protocols and procedures. 

SCP-2320 is otherwise non-anomalous, and any deviation from standard operational guidelines should be reported immediately to SCP-2320's assigned Handler, in order to avoid any potential breach of security or containment. 

Addendum: SCP-2320's request for a clown nose has been denied.