Item #: SCP-7535

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7535 is to be kept within a standard humanoid containment chamber, and provided with materials for their occupation as a fashion designer. The room should be soundproofed in order to prevent any accidental eavesdropping from outside sources.

SCP-7535 is to be provided with a safe outlet for their introspective tendencies in the form of art supplies and novels. On a weekly basis, SCP-7535 will participate in therapy sessions with Foundation psychologists in order to monitor their mental health.

Description: SCP-7535 is a male rabbit of approximately 1m in height. SCP-7535 is often seen wearing a purple cap with a headset, a silver chain around their neck, and a whistle on their person. SCP-7535 possesses a unique forehead feature in the form of a two-color band around their brows. Their ears are decorated with a single gold earring.

SCP-7535's primary occupation is that of a fashion designer. They display an extraordinary talent for designing clothing, however their unique personality can sometimes lead to accidents caused by daydreaming or lost in thought.

SCP-7535 is known to be introverted, preferring to spend time pondering over their creative processes. This can often lead to them being absent-minded, evidenced by their tendency to walk into poles or trip over objects while lost in thought.

SCP-7535 has not displayed any violent tendencies towards Foundation staff or fellow SCPs. Requests for any additional amenities may be granted with the approval of Foundation staff. Any thoughts or decisions regarding SCP-7535's containment should be discussed with higher-up personnel prior to action.

Addendum: Due to SCP-7535's unique talents and behavior, the Ethics Committee has approved the use of SCP-7535 in wearable fashion design research projects, as long as they remain under Foundation supervision. Any attempts or ideas regarding their use in projects should be presented to the Ethics Committee for approval prior to implementation.