SCP Foundation Description:

Item #: SCP-1527

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1527 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment cell at all times. Physical contact with SCP-1527 must be restricted to authorized personnel only. SCP-1527 is to wear a standard jumpsuit at all times, provided by the Foundation. Any deviation from standard behavior must be reported immediately to the Site Director.

Description: SCP-1527 is a human female in her early thirties. She stands at 5’8” tall and weighs approximately 150 pounds. SCP-1527 has brown skin and black hair in a short bob cut. One of her defining features is a series of spots that appear on her face and neck. These spots have been identified as a unique genetic trait and are not currently believed to pose any anomalous properties.

However, SCP-1527’s eyes have been observed to shift into the appearance of blue clown eyes at random intervals. This is believed to be an anomalous effect and requires further study. SCP-1527 is also frequently observed wearing a bucket hat on her head and a jade earring in her left ear. She is often seen wearing a gold chain around her neck as well.

SCP-1527 is a car salesman by profession and has been identified as having a strong sense of duty and responsibility. However, SCP-1527 is also known to let loose and have fun, often surprising others with her dance moves and silly antics on the dance floor at social events. Her personality has been identified as outgoing and humorous.

SCP-1527 was brought to the Foundation’s attention following reports of erratic behavior at a car dealership in [REDACTED]. SCP-1527 was observed to have anomalous effects on potential car buyers, often resulting in overpayment for vehicles. The Foundation was able to intervene and contain SCP-1527 before the anomalous effects escalated.

Addendum: Ongoing testing of SCP-1527’s anomalous properties is ongoing. SCP-1527 has been cooperative thus far, but further study is required to fully understand the extent of her abilities. Consult with Site Director for further details.