
Item #: SCP-9747

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-9747 is to be contained in a humanoid containment chamber with dimensions of 2m by 2m by 2m, furnished with basic amenities such as bedding and books. The walls of the chamber must be made of materials that prevent diggings and must be able to withstand the force that SCP-9747 could exert. SCP-9747's diet consists of vegetables and fruit, along with occasional cigarettes. Human contact must be limited to authorized personnel or under controlled circumstances.

Description: SCP-9747 is a male anthropomorphic rabbit with an unknown origin. SCP-9747 wears a purple cap with a headset, a red victory band on the forehead accompanied by a jade earring, gold chain around neck, and frequently seen with a cigarette. The exact nature of the materials SCP-9747's clothing is made of is unknown, and any attempt to remove or acquire these artifacts must have O5 Council's approval.

SCP-9747 manifests anomalous abilities, including heightened strength and agility, the ability to understand all languages spoken, and a supernatural empathic affinity. SCP-9747's empathy manifests as the ability to sense and share pain and emotion with others, which has a noticeable effect of calming agitated or distressed individuals to a dormant state. SCP-9747, however, is susceptible to emotional burdens initiating a cycle of emotional stressors that may lead to uncontrollable behavior.

SCP-9747 was discovered by the Foundation after being recognised for an unnerving level of success in resolving cases by local precincts. Found out to be a non-human entity SCP-9747 currently sees employment in the police department as Officer Jack, and has developed a well-regarded reputation among fellow investigators.

Addendum: Experiments are ongoing to determine the extent of SCP-9747's abilities while dealing with the emotional manifestation of their empathic nature. It is also worth noting that the Foundation has placed a 24-hour surveillance protocol in place focusing on SCP-9747's actions, as it has proven to be both unpredictable and impossible to predict that when or what he may empathetically do.