Item #: 1833

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: Subject 1833 is to be monitored at all times by trained personnel wearing full protective gear. All interactions with 1833 must be recorded and any deviations from standard behavior should be immediately reported to the control team. A strict quarantine protocol has been established in the event that contaminated tissue or biological matter are discovered. 1833's work as an electrician should be maintained as much as possible to prevent containment breaches.

Description: 

Subject 1833 is a female human with a highly infectious personality capable of spreading a contagious disease upon prolonged contact with unprotected individuals. Facial features of 1833 include spots on her cheeks, a broad smile giving an overall expression of amusement, and red clown eyes with a fixed pupil that gives off bright beams of light. The subject's hair is in the form of two pigtail braids with metal clamps attached that can serve as conducting devices. She also wears a green cross earring on either side and an adjustable choker with a glowing emblem that is constantly changing. There is a goggle mounted above her forehead that are used to protect her eyes in emergency scenarios. It is unknown if this is part of 1833's special abilities.

Personality: 

Subject 1833 is highly sociable, talkative, and quick-witted. They are known to have a great sense of humor and are amused by making others laugh despite their supernatural affliction. There is always a potential for the contagious agent's effects to cause carelessness and heightened risk-taking behavior in subjects which 1833 is interacting with. They are typically amenable to containment procedures, but slip-ups have occurred in cases where the infected subject is unable to resist 1833's charm. 

Addendum: 

There have been reports of electrical anomalies when 1833 is working on electrical systems, leading researchers to believe there may be a connection between 1833's abilities and technological interference. Further studies are required to determine if a relationship exists.