Item #: 8430

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: 

SCP-8430 is to be contained in a standard human containment cell in Site-██, with the addition of a soundproof chamber to limit the effect of any emotional displays. No contact with the subject is allowed without express permission from a Level 4 personnel. Any attempts at making eye contact with SCP-8430 is strictly prohibited, and medical staff must wear full face shields when interacting with the subject. 

Description: 

SCP-8430 is a female human, with 00s school girl appearance, marked by a medical mask on the lower part of the face that cannot be removed under any circumstances. SCP-8430's most distinctive features are red clown eyes, a characteristic silver chain accessory, and a green cross earring that resembles the logo of the Red Cross organization. SCP-8430 evokes a sense of discomfort in personnel assigned to contain them, despite their benign behavior.

SCP-8430’s distinctive red lips are repulsively large and give the impression of an excessive amount of lipstick being applied. The goggles on their forehead are purely decorative and do not serve any function. The subject's personality is remarkable for unusually extreme emotional responsiveness. They respond acutely to art, music, and films that have a high emotional stimulus, manifesting in violent mood swings, often transforming into violent outbursts.

SCP-8430 is a politician, which elevates our need to contain the subject as it posses a direct threat to social and political stability. SCP-8430's anomalous effects only manifest through physical contact, primarily through direct eye contact. 

Addendum: 

During a thorough investigation, the Foundation has discovered that SCP-8430 has been appointed to significant political positions in several countries, which raises concerns over the influence they have had on different policies. Interrogations of SCP-8430 show that they are entirely aware of their anomalous effects, and the effects on others are pleasing to them. SCP-8430 has been known to use their abilities in their political campaign trail as well as during policy debates. Their speech mixed with emotional outbursts has the potential to manipulate their opponents' emotional psyche, giving themselves an unfair advantage while placating their followers. Efforts are being made to curb their influence, but it remains uncertain what significant effects they have already had on the political landscape. 
SCP-8430 is awaiting further probes and tests at Site-██ to understand and contain their anomalous behavior.