Item #: SCP-2459

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2459 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber within Site-██. Access to SCP-2459 is restricted to Level 2 personnel and above, with all interactions being strictly monitored and recorded.

SCP-2459's primary containment measure is the provision of regular daydreaming sessions, intended to minimize the risk of SCP-2459's inadvertent activation of its anomalous abilities. A Class-B Amnestics regimen is in place for all personnel who have prolonged exposure to SCP-2459, to reduce the risk of cross-contamination.

Description: SCP-2459 is an anomalous entity, posing as a monkey with the profession of a beautician. SCP-2459 is capable of heightened levels of introspection and daydreaming, which can result in occasional fits of euphoria and disconnection from the physical world.

SCP-2459's physical appearance is aberrant, with a green-colored hair and purple-colored cap. SCP-2459 also has red clown eyes, which are unsettling to human subjects. Additionally, SCP-2459 possesses jade earrings, a silver chain and carries a candy stick with it virtually at all times.

SCP-2459's aspects have a tendency to cause various negative psychological effects on nearby human subjects, inducing them with feelings of unease or nausea. Moreover, it is observed that when SCP-2459 enters the state of deep daydreaming, it can destabilize the reality within a 5-meter radius, which results in temporal anomalies and fluctuations in space-time around the radius.

Addendum: A notable instance of SCP-2459's abilities was observed during testing, where SCP-2459 entered an extensive daydreaming state while surrounded by D-class personnel. The resultant reality fluctuation led to complications ranging from sudden temporal shifts to seemingly static time frames (potentially of post-resurrection events).

SCP-2459 was reprimanded and advised accordingly following the incident, resulting in temporary cessation of anomalous activity. SCP-2459 is continuously monitored and is of priority to the foundation. All efforts are made to protect it and keep it away from the public eye.