Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6084 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell, outfitted with several environmental enrichment items such as monkey bars, a hanging tire swing, and various puzzles and toys. SCP-6084 is to be provided with a daily intake of bananas, apples, and other nutrient-rich fruits and vegetables, along with a specialized protein supplement designed for primate dietary needs. SCP-6084 may also be given access to a computer and the internet for up to two hours per day, as a form of mental stimulation.

Description: SCP-6084 is a male monkey of the genus Macaca, approximately two feet tall and weighing approximately 15 pounds. SCP-6084 has a green-colored head that appears to have not been arranged in any specific pattern, with large, expressive eyes that are often seen wearing nerd glasses. SCP-6084 also has a pair of goggles worn on their forehead, which are presumed to be used for protection during certain activities. SCP-6084 often wears a red scarf around their neck, and an LED gas mask over their mouth and nose.

Personality: SCP-6084 is highly intelligent and articulate, capable of communicating through sign language and other means. SCP-6084 has a strong sense of duty and responsibility, often going out of their way to investigate and report on anomalous phenomena within their immediate surroundings. However, SCP-6084 also knows how to have fun, quickly becoming the center of attention at social events with their infectious energy and love of music. SCP-6084 has been known to sing and dance to their favorite songs, often encouraging others to join in.

SCP-6084 was discovered in [REDACTED], where they were working as a reporter for [REDACTED]. After several reports of unusually high levels of anomalous activity within the city, SCP-6084 was identified as a potential "wild card" in the Foundation's efforts to contain the situation. After being apprehended and brought into Foundation custody, SCP-6084 has since cooperated fully with containment efforts, providing valuable intel and documentation on various anomalous occurrences.