Item #: SCP-7221

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7221 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber, reinforced with steel mesh that is spaced closely enough to prevent escape but not impede the character's movement. Access to the chamber is granted only to personnel with level 2 or higher clearance.

SCP-7221's cell must be filled with a variety of plants and shrubbery for the character's comfort, as well as enough carrots to last a week. The character's grooming products must be provided and checked regularly.

In the event of political turmoil or war, SCP-7221 will be transferred to Site-19 for further protection.

Description: SCP-7221 is a male rabbit with a laid-back and easy-going personality who has been domesticated and trained as a beautician. SCP-7221 is equipped with Nerd Glasses and a Red Beanie for a stylish look. SCP-7221 often sports a Gold Earring in one of its ears.

SCP-7221 is a master at grooming its fellow SCP Foundation entities who do not possess the manual dexterity to perform this task on their own. SCP-7221 is always eager to please and boasts a big heart, but can be fiercely protective of its loved ones.

SCP-7221 has been known to get into heated arguments with anyone who insults its friends or family members, leading to humorous situations. The character has a high-pitched voice and is incredibly funny, making it a popular personality among other humanoid entities within the SCP Foundation.

SCP-7221 has not yet shown any anomalous abilities or traits, but further research is required to determine if it can exchange intelligence with other entities or possess any mind control or force of will abilities. 

Addendum: Request from Dr. [REDACTED]: With permission from Site-36 administration, SCP-7221 is approved to provide its services to high-priority Foundation personnel as needed for moral support and grooming enhancement. Mental and emotional stimulation is vital to maintaining a healthy work environment, and SCP-7221 has proved invaluable to our humanity-challenged subjects.

- Dr. [REDACTED]