Containment Procedures:

SCP-7651 is to be allowed to freely roam within designated areas of Site-19, provided it does not attempt to alter or damage the structural integrity of any part of the containment facility. SCP-7651's personal belongings, consisting of her clothing, accessories, and personal effects including cigarettes, are to be searched and screened thoroughly before and after returning to her living quarters. SCP-7651 is not to come into contact with any SCP with hazardous properties, or any suspected SCP that can alter or manipulate any form of media.

Description:

SCP-7651 is a humanoid female of the human species, standing at a height of 173 cm (5'8"). It is 28 years old (DOB unavailable) and claims to be a fashion designer for a living. SCP-7651 has several peculiar physical features, including freckles and spots scattered throughout the skin of the face, a notably wide smile, and corrective glasses over the eyes. At all times, SCP-7651 wears a red cross earring, a gold chain necklace, and is frequently seen smoking cigarettes.

SCP-7651 possesses an idealistic and optimistic demeanor in its personality, which can lead to disruptive behavior against corporate or fictional entities that do not agree with its values. It has previously staged peaceful protests and boycotts against an invisible entity called the "Consumerist Agenda" and a financial corporation named "Avarice Inc.", for example. SCP-7651 appears to desire a world that aligns with its ethics and views, and will act on creative and unconventional methods to achieve them.

Background:

SCP-7651 was discovered in 20xx in Kyoto, Japan when it reported itself finding temporary employment as a personal assistant at a fashion corporation. During a routine background check, the Foundation discovered that several of the corporations owned by the higher-ups at the company were fronts for anomalous trafficking operations, but they had been cleverly hiding their illicit activity. At the time of discovery, SCP-7651 was contesting the corporation's use of child labor and animal testing, which the corporation promptly terminated her contract, but not before The Foundation approached her with an opportunity to use her creativity and idealism to better the Foundation's goals.

Addendum:

SCP-7651 has shown particular interest in SCP-3075, claiming it to be "a cautionary tale of a corporate dystopian nightmare in action." SCP-7651 has requested temporary transfer to SCP-3075's onsite living quarters several times for inspiration, but it is still under consideration in a case-by-case basis.