SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED

Item #: SCP-1849

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1849 must be kept in a standard containment chamber with ample food and water. The chamber must be checked for any damages or possible escape routes and secured at all times. The subject is a skilled Security Guard and should be utilized in any missions regarding containment breaches or security threats.

Description: SCP-1849 is a male rabbit humanoid that stands at 4 feet tall. The subject is known for an overly frightened mouth and wears normal glasses with a blue bandana on its head. It also wears a jade earring as well as a silver chain around its neck. SCP-1849 handles a whistle which it uses for security reasons. 

SCP-1849 exhibits a practical and hands-on nature which can lead to unconventional solutions in problem solvings. The subject is very resourceful and uses duct tape or paper clips to fix broken objects or come up with makeshift solutions for complicated situations. However, this may cause concerns in security protocols as it could compromise containment procedures. SCP-1849 tends to work alone and may neglect any instructions given to it by other personnel or higher authorities. 

SCP-1849 was recovered from an abandoned circus and seemed to have no prior knowledge of its origin or events leading to its captivity. The subject has shown no violent capabilities towards any personnel, but caution must be taken as the subject is very mobile and can move quickly in tight spaces. Any interaction with SCP-1849 must be approved by the Head of Security. 

SCP-1849 Personal Notes:
SCP-1849 is a troublesome subject. Its resourcefulness has saved us from potential crises several times. However, it simply cannot take orders from anyone. It might be because it may come from a group of un-trusted fellows. It must be constantly watched, and I'll recommend more security checks near its containment facility. 

Dr. James Grey, Head of Security. 

'The Foundation has always relied on resources, finding unheard of solutions to ever-changing problems, but SCP-1849 takes the phrase to another level entirely. I'm not sure what the future holds for this subject, but what I am sure of is that it needs to be observed closely. One never knows what sort of unknot SCP-1849 might unravel.' 

Dr. Jackson Chen, Chief Researcher.