Item #: SCP-5121

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5121 is to be assigned as a security guard for all Foundation facilities in proximity. She must be monitored at all times to ensure that her nurturing tendencies do not compromise the containment of any anomalies or classified information. Any inanimate objects that SCP-5121 forms attachments to are to be quickly replaced to prevent any potential security breaches.

Description: SCP-5121 is a female human, approximately in her mid-30s. She possesses short witch-like hair and is typically seen wearing a gold chain and a jade earring. SCP-5121 is capable of forming sentimental attachments to inanimate objects, such as giving them names or talking to them as if they were alive.

Furthermore, when SCP-5121 becomes emotionally invested in an object, she displays enhanced physical capabilities and a heightened awareness of its location and condition. For example, if she becomes attached to a certain door in a facility, she will be able to detect any attempts to breach it and will instinctively defend it.

SCP-5121's nurturing tendencies also extend to living organisms, as she has been observed talking to and caring for plants within the facility. However, no adverse effects have been observed as a result of her interactions with living organisms.

Personality: SCP-5121 is naturally caring and nurturing, displaying a great deal of compassion towards both living and inanimate objects alike. She is devoted to her work as a security guard for the Foundation and takes her responsibilities very seriously. Despite her predisposition towards attachment, SCP-5121 shows no signs of emotional instability and appears to be mentally sound.

Note: SCP-5121's loyalty and dedication to the Foundation's cause make her an invaluable asset, but her emotional attachments may make her susceptible to psychological manipulation. As such, it is imperative that she remains under close observation to ensure the safety and security of all Foundation personnel and facilities.