Object Classification: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7457 is to be monitored remotely through standard surveillance equipment while they are engaged in their profession as a beautician. SCP-7457's movements should be tracked at all times, and any inconsistencies or unexplained absences should be reported to Site-19 immediately.

Description: SCP-7457 is a Caucasian female human with blonde hair typically found wearing an ushanka hat. SCP-7457 possesses unique orange eyebrow eyes and is often seen wearing gold earrings. SCP-7457 is employed as a beautician, operating out of a salon located in a suburban area where they offer a variety of cosmetic services.

SCP-7457 exhibits a very caring and nurturing personality to those around them, with a tendency to treat friends and family members as their own children. This often leads to humorous situations, as SCP-7457 goes above and beyond to ensure that their loved ones are taken care of.

SCP-7457's abilities are not paranormal, as they are only capable of standard human movements and actions. However, SCP-7457's affable personality has been known to sway individuals to their cause, and as such, they are considered a low-level security risk.

SCP-7457 has exhibited no anomalous behavior outside of their uncanny ability to soothe those around them. They have no known connections to any Group of Interest.

Addendum: Interview Logs

Interview Log 7457-01:

Interviewer: Dr. ███████

Interviewee: SCP-7457

[BEGIN LOG]

Dr. ███████: Please state your name for the record, and what brings you here.

SCP-7457: My name is [REDACTED], and I'm not sure what you mean by "here." I work at the salon downtown, if that's what you're referring to.

Dr. ███████: Yes, the salon. I've heard that you have quite the reputation among your clients. Care to elaborate on that?

SCP-7457: [Laughs] Well, I suppose I do. I try my best to make everyone feel comfortable and cared for, whether it's a simple trim or a full-blown makeover.

Dr. ███████: And why is that?

SCP-7457: Why? It's just what I enjoy doing. Seeing people's faces light up when they feel good about themselves? Nothing beats that feeling.

Dr. ███████: I see. Do you ever feel that you care too much about your clients?

SCP-7457: [Pauses] What do you mean?

Dr. ███████: Well, you've been known to "adopt" friends and family members and care for them as if they were your own children. Do you think that's healthy?

SCP-7457: [Sighs] I know what you're getting at. But honestly? If caring for someone is wrong, then I don't want to be right. And as long as they're happy and taken care of, I don't see the harm in it.

[END LOG]

Closing Statement: SCP-7457 is to be monitored regularly, but their low-level security clearance can be upheld. Their caring nature is to be regarded as an asset in the event of an encounter with a hostile Group of Interest.