Item #: SCP-6668

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6668 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber, furnished with a bed, a desk, and any necessary amenities. SCP-6668's medical mask is to be replaced every 48 hours and incinerated following use. Any visitors must wear appropriate protective gear in order to interact with SCP-6668, and must be screened for mental health prior to contact. SCP-6668 is to be fed three times a day with a balanced diet.

Description: SCP-6668 is a human female with spots on her face and purple lips, identified as a news anchor. It wears a medical mask over its mouth and a purple cap with a headset on its head, green cross earring on its ears, and orange eyebrow eyes. SCP-6668 exhibits empathetic and compassionate behavior, often taking on other people's problems as its own. It has a tendency to feel responsible for fixing everything and everyone around them, which leads to exhaustion.

SCP-6668 reports itself to have no anomalous abilities, though its empathetic behavior is a concern to the Foundation. SCP-6668's connection to its audience and the potential of spreading anomalous behavior has deemed it a potential risk to the population.

Addendum 6668-A: SCP-6668 was discovered during a major news report of an injury in a local area. The victim experienced immediate relief from the pain of the injury after an interaction with SCP-6668 via a televised broadcast. Following the discovery and containment of SCP-6668 at its workplace, Foundation personnel interviewed witnesses and analyzed footage for traces of anomalous activity. No findings have been reported as of yet.

Addendum 6668-B: Due to its role in mass media and potential for affecting individuals and groups, SCP-6668 has been deemed a Safe class object. Reliable source reports indicate a significant influence on its audience, but its empathetic and humanitarian conduct have earned SCP-6668 the interest of researching its potentially incorporative into the Foundation's humanitarian and public relations programs. Ongoing observations of SCP-6668 and its behavior are underway with unpredictable results.