Item #: 8479

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-8479 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment room at Site-██. The enclosure is to be fitted with electrical outlets for his enjoyment. SCP-8479 is to be provided with materials not capable of being used as weapons in his enclosure, which he is free to modify as he sees fit. Additionally, a set of spare LED gas masks and a toolbox containing electrical equipment must never leave his possession.

SCP-8479 is to undergo annual evaluation to assess his emotional and physical requirements. SCP-8479 is to be supplied with anesthetic-dart weaponry as necessary, which will only be employed by authorized personnel under circumstances agreed upon by the director and ranking medical officer.

Description: SCP-8479 is a gold chain wearing primate, possessing the physical attributes of the genus Macaca. SCP-8479 stands approximately 1.3 meters tall and weighs 50 kg. His head always has a retro cap with the initials "J.J" on it. SCP-8479 is known to wear an LED gas mask at all times, which is required for his survival. SCP-8479 is inclined to use his special abilities to conduct electrical work and is capable of modifying electronic devices with without risk of electrocution.

SCP-8479 has a forgetful and absent-minded character, particularly when he is absorbed in thought or immersed in his projects. These situations have resulted in humorous incidents such as missing appointments or events of import.

SCP-8479 willingly seeks out items that can support electronic-based phenomena, such as cables, batteries, and screwdrivers. He can create light shows that spell out messages from these items.

SCP-8479 is a solitary creature and cages himself. However, he has shown affection and loyalty towards human staff who offers him necessary materials to satisfy his requirements.

Should an incident occur involving SCP-8479 outside of his enclosure, personnel must avoid any impulse to approach or offer materials to SCP-8479, as irregular actions have in the past led to accidents and injuries.

Addendum: Interview with SCP-8479

Interviewee: SCP-8479

Interviewer: Dr. ███

<Begin Log>

Dr. ███: Good afternoon, SCP-8479, how are you feeling today?

SCP-8479: What's good Doc? Why open my enclosure for this?

Dr. ███: We have a few questions about your electrical abilities.

SCP-8479: *Laughs* No worries, Doc. I'm a monkey that can survive with an LED gas mask and fix your gadgets. What do you want to know?

Dr. ███: Do you feel a need, or desire, to interact with other primates?

SCP-8479: As long as I have got materials to modify and things to fix, I don’t need anybody.

Dr. ███: To answer the question about the boxes with electrical equipment on the floor of the enclosure that we provided you? What purpose do you have for it?

SCP-8479: Can't notice that? Building a light show in my enclosure to communicate to my fellow primates hanging around my enclosure.

Dr. ███: Why?

SCP-8479: Boredom, pleasure, and fame, Doc.

<End Log>

Closing Statement: Despite his reclusive and introverted behavior, SCP-8479 is sociable and eager to conquer tasks relating to electrical equipment. SCP-8479 was pleased by the interview, affirming that fixing and modifying electronic devices in his enclosure would maintain his sanity. SCP-8479 is currently known to have developed a communication system with other primates using modified electrical equipment, which is under scientific examination.