Item #: SCP-2068

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2068, also known as Officer J. Rodriguez, is to be monitored at all times by Foundation personnel. Officer Rodriguez's police precinct has been made aware of the officer's classification as an SCP and has been instructed to not interfere with any containment procedures undertaken by the Foundation. SCP-2068 is to be treated with respect at all times and given access to amenities necessary for its well-being.

Description: SCP-2068 appears to be a normal human male of Hispanic descent, about 35 to 40 years of age. It is currently employed as a police officer, assigned to a precinct in the city of [REDACTED]. SCP-2068's anomalous properties manifest in its facial features - specifically, a large, circular spot on its upper lip, and oversized clown-like blue eyes which appear to be permanently fixed in a wide, toothy smile. SCP-2068 is also frequently seen wearing a short peak cap and a gold chain. 

SCP-2068's personality is characterized by its highly organized and efficient nature. It displays a desire for control and is known to delegate tasks to others in a very matter-of-fact way, even in non-work-related situations. SCP-2068's controlling tendencies have led to some humorous incidents, such as taking charge of group projects or events without being asked, and organizing them with meticulous attention to detail. 

SCP-2068's most significant anomalous property is that it appears to be immune to most forms of toxins, gases, and harmful substances. SCP-2068 has been observed using a normal gas mask, but it is unclear if the device serves any purpose or is merely a part of SCP-2068's typical attire. Its ability to resist toxic or harmful substances makes SCP-2068 an excellent candidate for certain Foundation projects or missions.

Addendum: SCP-2068 has been cooperative with Foundation personnel and has shown no sign of malicious intent. It is currently undergoing testing to determine the full extent and nature of its anomalous properties. Any potential risk posed by SCP-2068 will be closely monitored and contained by the Foundation according to established procedures.