Item #: SCP-606

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-606 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-██. The chamber is to be equipped with a reinforced steel door and secured with an electronic locking mechanism. SCP-606 is not to be allowed to leave the containment chamber except under the direct supervision of at least three trained security personnel. 

SCP-606's living quarters are to be furnished with various forms of entertainment such as books, music, and television shows that appeal to their sentimental nature.

Description: SCP-606 appears to be a Bengal tiger in their late twenties. SCP-606 is a male and stands approximately 6 feet tall when standing on their hind legs. SCP-606's eyes are an unusual bright VR jade LED color, which sparkles in certain lighting. They have a standard set of feline ears and sport a gold earring on their left ear. SCP-606 can often be seen wearing a goggle on their forehead, a silver chain around their neck, and a LED gas mask.

Personality: SCP-606 appears to be very in touch with their emotions and often gets moved to tears by sentimental moments in movies or television shows. They have a fondness for music and art that invokes strong feelings. SCP-606 is personable with Foundation staff and engages in conversation frequently. They have found that SCP-606 is an experienced real estate agent, and they appear to take pleasure in showing various listings of interest to staff for leisure.

Addendum: On ██/██/██, a researcher reported that SCP-606 accidentally broke through a containment wall. Footage showed SCP-606 was chasing a call to show a potential property to a staff member on the other side of the wall. SCP-606 swiftly returned to containment when reminded of the no-leave policy. From now on, all calls will be monitored and approved by a supervising officer. SCP-606 is now under tighter supervision. Any further approved research must have the presence of security detail at all times.