Item #: SCP-348

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-348 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██. The cell should be equipped with basic amenities and a spacious dance floor to accommodate SCP-348's occasional bursts of energy. 

SCP-348 is allowed to continue working as a fashion designer under the cover of a regular human. They are to be monitored by Foundation agents at all times to ensure their creations do not contain anomalous properties.

Description: SCP-348 is a female human, designated as a Fashion Designer in the non-anomalous world. SCP-348 has orange stripes painted on her face and purple lipstick, above blue clown eyes. Her head is green with edges curled upwards, resembling a leaf, and has a goggle resting on her forehead. She wears a jade earring and a silver chain accessorizes her neck. 

Though SCP-348 has a strong sense of duty and responsibility, they are not limited by it. They are known to let loose and have fun in social situations, with dance moves and silly antics that surprise others. Hence, it is believed that SCP-348's behavior is not aligned with any pathology, but simply a quirk of their personality.

SCP-348's fashion designs are both unique and eccentric. They have become increasingly popular in the fashion industry, which is why the Foundation must monitor SCP-348's work to ensure that none of their creations contain anomalous properties.

SCP-348 has shown no signs of attempting to escape or harm themselves, others, or any other anomalous entity during their containment.

Addendum: Interview Log

Dr. ██████: Good morning, SCP-348. How are you today?

SCP-348: Good morning, Doctor. I'm doing well, thank you.

Dr. ██████: Can you tell me a little about your creations? What makes you unique as a fashion designer?

SCP-348: Well, I like to incorporate nature and fantasy elements into my designs. I want people to feel like they're stepping into a different world when they wear my clothes. And of course, I like to have a little fun with it. Life's too short to be dull, you know?

Dr. ██████: You seem to enjoy having fun. Has that ever caused any issues in your work?

SCP-348: Oh, not at all! My sense of humor is what makes my designs stand out. It's my signature touch.

Dr. ██████: And how do you feel about being contained here?

SCP-348: It's not ideal, of course. But I understand that it's necessary for the safety of everyone, including myself. And I'm still able to design, so I can't complain too much. Plus, I've got this great dance floor! Wanna see some moves? 

[End Log]

Note: SCP-348's containment is to be revised to include a larger dance area.