Item #: 3947

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3947 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell with access to art supplies and materials. SCP-3947's cell should be monitored by CCTV at all times. Personnel are prohibited from interacting with SCP-3947 except for research or testing purposes.

Description: SCP-3947 is a male monkey identified as a fashion designer. SCP-3947 possesses a human-like appearance, with black hair and a jade earring on his left ear. SCP-3947 is often seen with a whistle around his neck, which has yet to reveal any anomalous properties.

SCP-3947's personality is characterized by a creative and artistic side; SCP-3947 often expresses himself through various forms of artistic expression, such as painting and writing. SCP-3947's abilities to create unique designs and patterns have brought him critical acclaim and commercial success within the fashion industry.

SCP-3947's species or origins have yet to be determined by Foundation researchers. SCP-3947 has shown remarkable intelligence and problem-solving skills, similar to that of a human's. Nonetheless, SCP-3947 displays no aversion or negative effects to living in human-based enclosed environments. 

SCP-3947's powers or abilities are still unknown to Foundation researchers. SCP-3947's creative skills have been seen to create inexplicable results, such as creating fashion designs that are exceptionally unique and incorporating odd, seemingly incompatible patterns.

SCP-3947's existence on the outside world has yet to experience any significant risks or dangers that have elicited Foundation intervention. All personnel are to report any monkey sightings within the fashion industry, including but not limited to models with modified dress designs or overhearing of rumors that an undiscovered element of the fashion world is involved in anomaly and SCP wares.

Addendum: Interview Log 3947-1

Dr. ████████: "Good afternoon, SCP-3947. How are you feeling today?"

SCP-3947: "I'm doing well, thank you for asking."

Dr. ████████: "Can you tell me more about your creative process? How do you come up with your designs?"

SCP-3947: "I draw my inspiration from my surroundings and from my emotions. I find nature and different cultures to be particularly inspiring."

Dr. ████████: "Interesting. Are there specific emotions that inspire your work?"

SCP-3947: "Yes, sadness and despair are often the most powerful motivators for me. I like to express the darker emotions in my work, to bring attention to them and make them visible."

Dr. ████████: "Thank you, SCP-3947. That will be all for now."