Item #: 2410

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: Item 2410 is to be kept in a locked enclosure at all times with access strictly limited to authorized personnel. Any instances of tampering with Item 2410 are to be documented and reported immediately.

Description: Item 2410 is a male rabbit of indeterminate breed, weighing approximately 3 kg. The rabbit wears a doge hat, a pink bowtie and carries a candy stick. The rabbit speaks human language (English) fluently and has displayed a high level of intelligence and self-awareness. The rabbit also exhibits an energetic and enthusiastic personality, with a tendency to get overly excited about mundane things.

Addendum 2410-A: On ██/██/20██, Item 2410 was found wandering through the north campus of [REDACTED] University. It was quickly discovered that the rabbit had gained sentience and was able to converse with people. Specimens taken from the rabbit have found that it has an enhanced mental capacity compared to normal rabbits. Item 2410 spoke to the first responders in a friendly manner, identifying itself as "Farley" and appearing excited to have finally met some "real humans". When asked about its sudden sentience and new personality, Item 2410 replied that it had "found something amazing" in its travels, but refused to elaborate any further.

Addendum 2410-B: Item 2410 has been used to assist with the security of Site-██ by identifying and reporting intruders in secure areas. It has been noted that when the rabbit becomes excited or is feeling threatened, a sudden increase in mental activity takes place, causing an intense burst of energy that enables it to jump to high places with ease. Item 2410 has proven to be a useful and benevolent addition to Site-██'s security team.

Addendum 2410-C: Due to its enthusiastic nature, Item 2410 has been known to cause unneeded distractions on occasion. When given rules or procedures to follow, it has been highly cooperative, but has been known to have trouble focusing on tasks when it becomes overly excited. To mitigate this, personnel interacting with the rabbit are advised to maintain a calm and respectful demeanor so as not to distract Item 2410 unnecessarily. 

Overall, Item 2410 is a unique character with a highly intriguing and unusual personality. Whilst caution is advised, it appears to be highly beneficial to the security of its assigned task.