Item #: 7193

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7193 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-19. He is not permitted to leave his containment area unless accompanied by at least two (2) Level 3 personnel. If SCP-7193's "performance" abilities are required for testing purposes, it must be conducted in a soundproof room to prevent any cognitohazardous effects.

Description: SCP-7193 is a male human of average build and height, with distinct facial features that include spots and a permanent smile. He possesses a pair of red clown eyes that manifest when he has enacted his primary effect. An interesting feature of SCP-7193 is his choice of headwear, a police cap that is never intentionally removed. A two-color band adorns his forehead, which some speculate is a tribute to a past affiliation to a certain biker gang. Of note, SCP-7193 has a jade earring on each ear and regularly wears a silver chain around his neck.

SCP-7193's primary effect is his natural ability to charm and influence those around him, much like a charismatic politician or stage performer. Personalities with strong wills or pre-existing cognitive resistance are less susceptible to SCP-7193's influence, but still affected. SCP-7193 can cause individuals to become extremely susceptible to his whims, leading them to engage in absurd or attention-grabbing behaviors. SCP-7193's effect only lasts while he is within close proximity to his intended target, typically resulting in mild effects for short periods at first, eventually leading to longer-lasting effects that accelerate over time. SCP-7193 is an unpredictable subject as it tends to make him increasingly volatile.

SCP-7193 has spent much of his life working in different types of entertainment jobs, exposing countless masses to his anomalous abilities. Currently, he operates a popular theater in [REDACTED], where his performances and charm abilities have caused devastating incident 212-KA.

Addendum: SCP-7193 is currently undergoing cognitive recalibration through a series of experimental treatments to negate or minimize its effect on surrounding individuals. This will involve various techniques to treat SCP-7193's cognitive processes and also fill the breach and restore the broken personalities caused by the theatre incident.