SCP-3876 - The Real Estate Agent

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3876 is to be allowed to go about its normal activities as a real estate agent, as long as it does not engage in any activities that violate Foundation protocols. Under no circumstances should SCP-3876 be allowed access to any sensitive information, documents or meetings.

Description: SCP-3876 is a male human of average height, with a red beanie on its head and nerd glasses covering its eyes. SCP-3876 is known to wear a medical mask over its mouth during work. It has a gold earring and a silver chain around its neck. SCP-3876's appearance is consistent with that of a typical real estate agent.

SCP-3876 has a particularly detail-oriented personality and tends to display obsessive behavior. It can become singularly focused on specific tasks to its detriment if left unchecked. This trait has manifested in arranging its spice rack alphabetically and color-coding its closet. Such behavior appears irrational and unnecessary but has no known correlation with any anomalous effect.

Despite SCP-3876's mundane appearance and behavior, its real estate business is located in a building that is all but inaccessible. The building is nominally a high-rise office complex, yet there are no record of any tenants, staff or property management services. A thorough investigation has revealed that the building's interior is far larger than the exterior should allow. The building's floor plans do not match the layout notations taken from the exterior or the building permits issued by government authorities. The ceiling height seems to stretch out of perception, with multiple levels more than physically possible rather than mere optical illusions. Within the accessed area, SCP-3876 has control over the entirety of the structure, including floors that access new and different planes of existence.

SCP-3876's ability to operate a successful real estate business is incomprehensible considering the existence of this building. Despite our best efforts, ample evidence suggests that SCP-3876 is somehow utilizing its anomalous properties to operate this building, increasing our knowledge of spatial possibilities and its causal relationships with real estate implementation.

Addendum: SCP-3876 was found to be aware of a group of interest (GoI) known as The Freemasons. The said GoI and SCP-3876 may have had past interactions. In addition, reports indicate some financial basis of GoI's transaction in the accessed area of SCP-3876's building which raised concerns that resulted in the implementation of updated security protocols. This development is under investigation, and active monitoring is ongoing.