Item #: 1621

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1621 is to be held in a standard containment chamber with adequate space for movement and a variety of tree branches and swings for exercise. The enclosure is to be cleaned and inspected daily for any damages or signs of distress. Food and grooming supplies are to be provided on a regular schedule.

SCP-1621 is free to work as a beautician in the local area, as long as proper cover stories and identification are provided. Regular monitoring of their activities is required to ensure that they do not cause any public disturbances or inadvertent breaches of containment.

Description: SCP-1621 is a male monkey of the Cebus genus, commonly known as the capuchin monkey. It stands at approximately 45 cm tall and has blue clown eyes that appear to have been artificially implanted. Its head is adorned with a purple cap and a headset, as well as a two-color band on its forehead and a gold earring on each ear. It also wears a silver chain as an accessory.

SCP-1621 is highly intelligent and possesses abilities beyond that of a normal capuchin monkey, such as the ability to use tools and communicate through sign language. It has been observed to manifest minor telekinetic abilities when under stress, manipulating small objects or causing minor movements.

SCP-1621 exhibits a strong desire to make the world a better place and is strongly idealistic. It has been known to participate in protests or boycotts against organizations or causes it feels conflict with its values. This can cause humorous situations, as SCP-1621 tends to be very vocal and expressive in its protests.

SCP-1621 is cooperative and generally friendly towards personnel, though it can become agitated if it perceives mistreatment or neglect. Despite its small size and often playful behavior, SCP-1621 is not to be underestimated and should be treated with the same caution and attention as any other SCP object. 

(Additional notes: SCP-1621 is a critical member of the Foundation's undercover animal agent program, and has been instrumental in several successful operations. It is recommended that it be given special recognition and care.)