Item #: SCP-6142

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6142 is to be held in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██, with necessary facilities for her to continue her work as a farmer. SCP-6142 should not be allowed any contact with individuals outside of designated personnel, with the exception of family members approved by Level 4 Personnel.

Description: SCP-6142 is a human female with numerous spot-like marks on her face, that appear to be a natural feature. She maintains a 90s brown hair style, and was noted to have an unceasing smile. SCP-6142 has a pair of orange eyebrows and often wears a pair of goggles on her forehead, along with a pair of jade earrings.

SCP-6142 exhibits unusually upbeat and laid-back behaviors, however, when provoked, she can become exceedingly protective of her loved ones. Additionally, SCP-6142 has shown considerable resilience to mild psychotronics, and makes for an effective line worker in the agricultural sector.

SCP-6142 is equipped with a silver chain, which penetrates the surface level of her skin and extends deep within her body. This chain is necessary for her to remain compliant, and a monthly check must be conducted by Level 3 Personnel to ensure it remains functioning correctly.

Addendum 1: Incident Report - Incident-6142-01

During SCP-6142's weekly check-up and post-purchase interview, Dr. ███ inquired after the silver chain's purpose, evoking a defensive response from SCP-6142. SCP-6142 was immediately restrained until the chain's functions could be assessed. Subsequent testing found that SCP-6142's reaction was the result of the chain being damaged on a past occasion. The chain was replaced and SCP-6142 was returned to her cell.

Addendum 2: Interview Log - Interview-6142-A

Dr. ███: Tell me about your personality.

SCP-6142: (smiling) Oh, I'm easy-going most of the time. But if someone messes with my people… (shakes her head) let's just say it's not wise to cross me.

Dr. ███: Your family, then?

SCP-6142: (nodding) Yeah, of course. And my friends. Even some animals, you know? Once you've formed a bond with someone, you gotta protect 'em.

Dr. ███: I see. What about the silver chain?

SCP-6142: (looks down at the chain, then back up at Dr. ███) That's not really for me to talk about.

Dr. ███: (scribbles a note and chuckles) Alright then, we'll leave that topic for another day.

Closing Statement: SCP-6142 has shown no signs of abnormality beyond the silver chain; however, the potential risks posed by such a volatile device require careful monitoring. Further research is necessary to determine the mechanism of SCP-6142's resilience to mild psychotronics.