Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4183 is to be monitored at all times via closed-circuit cameras and communication devices, and is to be kept in a locked room with reinforced steel walls. Access to SCP-4183 is strictly prohibited except for authorized personnel with Level 4 clearance or higher.

SCP-4183 is to be provided with all necessary materials and equipment for veterinary practice, and is to be allowed to operate as a veterinarian within the facility. However, all animals treated by SCP-4183 are to be closely monitored and all medical records are to be regularly reviewed by Foundation staff.

Description: SCP-4183 is a human female with an unusual appearance. SCP-4183 has orange stripes on their face and purple lip which combined all facial features with unusual colors may signify an anomalous condition. SCP-4183 also has red clown eyes which can potentially influence individuals they are interacting with. SCP-4183 wears a medical mask over their mouth, a hoodie over their head, and a 2 color band on their forehead.

SCP-4183 has shown to be extremely attentive to detail, which indicates a high level of intelligence and strategic thinking. They possess excellent observational skills, which make them excellent gift-givers. This has been observed as an effect of their condition. They tend to fixate on giving the perfect gift, often spending a long time agonizing over what to get someone, and can become visibly distressed if they feel their chosen gift is not appreciated.

It is unknown if SCP-4183's abilities extend to other areas or if they are limited solely to gift-giving. Foundation psychologists have been unable to conduct a thorough examination of SCP-4183's mental state due to the nature of their containment.

Addendum-01: SCP-4183 was originally discovered when Foundation agents were alerted to reports of strange behavior at a local veterinary clinic. Upon further investigation, it was discovered that SCP-4183 was responsible for the disappearances of several animals from the clinic. SCP-4183 was subsequently captured and contained by the Foundation.

Addendum-02: SCP-4183 has requested permission to acquire a pet dog for emotional support. This request is currently being reviewed by Foundation staff.