Item #: SCP-240

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-240 is to be housed in a standard human containment chamber at Site-██. All personnel interacting with SCP-240 must wear Level-2 personal protective equipment, including gloves and masks to prevent contaminants from spreading.

SCP-240's job as theater manager is to be assisted with by an assigned security team. Any attempts by SCP-240 to act recklessly or cause harm to himself or others are to be immediately restrained without exception.

Description: SCP-240 is a male human with spots on his face and a frightened mouth. SCP-240 is easily recognizable by his VR Jade LED eyes, which are a result of a surgical procedure to enhance his vision. SCP-240 is also often seen wearing a red beanie on his head and a pair of goggles resting on his forehead.

While SCP-240 has no anomalous abilities or physical deviations, his tendency to act recklessly and without caution can lead to dangerous situations. SCP-240 often seeks ways to impress or entertain others, which can lead to him becoming easily distracted and ignoring potential risks.

SCP-240's accessory of choice is a red scarf, which he wears to give himself a sense of style and individuality. However, this accessory has proven to be a risk as SCP-240 has been known to trip and get caught on objects due to its lengthy nature.

SCP-240's backstory is largely unknown, but it is speculated that his fear of failure and desire for attention is what fuels his propensity for reckless behavior. While SCP-240 is typically cooperative with Site personnel, his unpredictable nature warrants close observation.

Addendum: In Incident 240-A, SCP-240 attempted to perform a stunt during a theater production which resulted in a fire breaking out. While no personnel were injured, the incident caused extensive damage to the theater and prompted a reevaluation of SCP-240's containment procedures. Efforts to discourage SCP-240's reckless behavior have been implemented.