Item #: 2879

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: 2879 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment chamber fitted with a state-of-the-art air filtration system to accommodate for 2879's LED Gas Mask. At no point may 2879 be allowed access to any reflective or mirrored surfaces, as this can provoke violent reactions from the entity. All personnel are advised to exercise caution when in the presence of 2879 and to wear ear protection when within earshot of the entity due to its distinct clown laugh.

Description: 2879 is a humanoid entity identified as a female fashion designer. 2879 stands 5'4" tall and has distinct orange stripes on the face and green hair that curl at the edges. The entity also has a two-color band on its forehead and red clown eyes, which can be unsettling to those who make eye contact. 2879 typically wears a choker accessory, but its most notable feature is the LED Gas Mask that it refuses to remove.

2879 possesses a unique and practical personality that can lead to unconventional solutions to problems. The entity has been observed using duct tape and paper clips to fix broken objects or fashioning makeshift solutions to complex problems. Because of this, 2879 has been employed by Foundation Research and Development projects to engineer unique solutions to various problems.

Despite achieving results in projects it is in, the entity has a tendency to go off on tangents and has been known to take on additional challenges that affect its concentration on current objectives. No previous records of anomalous activities among 2879's inferiors were found.

Addendum: 2879 was brought to Foundation attention after a raid on an underground fashion show in [REDACTED]. Following this raid, reports of a fashion designer with a distinct visual appearance, eccentric personality, and uncannily practical problem-solving abilities started to emerge from various reputable sources. MTF Eta-11 was dispatched to bring the entity into Foundation custody.