Item #: SCP-1892

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1892 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██. Access to SCP-1892 is strictly prohibited without approval from at least two Level 3 personnel. All interactions with SCP-1892 must be closely monitored by security personnel equipped with Class-C amnestics.

SCP-1892 must be provided with a computer terminal connected to the internet to allow it to perform its programming tasks. Any software to be installed on the terminal must first be thoroughly vetted and approved by Site-██'s IT department to prevent any potential security breaches.

Description: SCP-1892 is a female human with distinctive green hair styled with edge curls, red clown eyes, and several spots on her face. SCP-1892 also has a two-color band on her forehead and a goggle on her forehead. SCP-1892 wears a gold earring on her left ear.

SCP-1892 displays a remarkable sense of intuition that can border on precognition. SCP-1892 often predicts events before they happen, and it can sense people's emotional states, causing some personnel to find SCP-1892's abilities eerie.

SCP-1892 is a programmer of exceptional skill, capable of writing complex code with ease. SCP-1892 must be given access to the internet to perform its programming duties, although access is strictly monitored by Site-██'s IT department.

SCP-1892 does not display any outward signs of hostility, but its abilities make it necessary to maintain strict containment protocols, including amnestic treatment for any personnel inadvertently exposed to SCP-1892's anomalous effects.

Addendum 1892-01: Interview Log

Interviewer: Dr.█████
Interviewee: SCP-1892

Dr.█████: Good morning, SCP-1892. How are you feeling today?

SCP-1892: I'm feeling alright, doctor. Nothing out of the ordinary.

Dr.█████: Can you tell me about your programming skills?

SCP-1892: Sure. I've been programming since I was a kid. It just comes easily to me. I can write almost anything I put my mind to, given the right tools.

Dr.█████: And your sense of intuition? How does that work?

SCP-1892: It's hard to explain. It's just like I have a sixth sense or something. Sometimes I just know things before they happen, or I can sense when someone's upset or worried.

Dr.█████: Can you give me an example of your abilities in action?

SCP-1892: Well, one time, I was working on a project with some other programmers, and I just had this feeling that something was off. I couldn't put my finger on it, but I knew there was a problem. Turns out, one of the guys had messed up some code, and we had to redo a bunch of work.

Dr.█████: Fascinating. Thank you, SCP-1892. That will be all for now.

Closing Statement: SCP-1892's abilities are of great interest to the Foundation, and further research is ongoing. However, given the potential dangers posed by its anomalous effects, containment procedures must remain in place to ensure the safety of all personnel involved.