Item #: 5625

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5625 is to be held in a standard humanoid containment unit with adequate amenities for a human inhabitant. It is to be allowed to perform its duties as a delivery driver but is to be monitored for any anomalous behavior or activity. Any deviations from standard human behavior or any reports of SCP-5625 using its abilities for malicious or destructive purposes should be reported immediately to the Site Director.

Description: SCP-5625 is a female human with several distinct facial and head features. The face features include orange stripes and purple lip. The eyes are red clown eyes. The head is green with edge curls. SCP-5625 also wears a choker and frequently carries a cigarette.

Despite these unusual features, SCP-5625 appears to behave and interact with others in a manner consistent with human behavior. SCP-5625 has a great sense of humor and enjoys making others laugh with jokes, funny stories, and silly impersonations. SCP-5625's humorous personality has been noted to frequently lighten the mood in any room it enters.

SCP-5625's anomalous abilities have not been fully determined, but it appears that its sense of humor has the ability to cause anomalous effects on its environment. These effects include causing objects to levitate, inducing fits of laughter in other individuals in close proximity, and altering the color of the environment. SCP-5625 is aware of its abilities and is cooperative with Foundation personnel in testing and researching its anomalous effects.

Addendum: In Incident 5625-A, SCP-5625 was observed using its abilities for destructive purposes, levitating a truck and launching it into a nearby building. Foundation personnel deemed this behavior a threat to public safety and have increased monitoring and containment measures accordingly. SCP-5625 has been informed of the severity of this incident and has thus far shown no signs of repeating this type of behavior. Further research into SCP-5625's abilities is ongoing.