Item #: SCP-6767

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6767 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber. Any attempts by SCP-6767 to leave her designated living quarters must be met with extreme caution and approval from a Level 4 personnel. Regular medical check-ups and psychological evaluations are to be conducted to ensure the mental and physical health of the subject.

Description: SCP-6767 is a human female specimen with a large number of spots present on her face. Her eyes have been replaced with a set of modified VR Rainbow LED units that are implanted by an unknown party. SCP-6767 has pigtail hairstyles and a pair of gold earrings on her ears. She often wears a gold chain as well. Furthermore, SCP-6767 wears a normal gas mask as a precautionary measure against airborne hazards, which she claims to be a fashion statement.

SCP-6767 exhibits a strong sense of empathy and has an excellent ability to read other people's emotions effortlessly. She often uses this ability to help people in difficult situations, using humor and wit to alleviate stress. SCP-6767 has demonstrated a keen sense of awareness in chaotic environments; however, there have been some instances where she has lost control of her emotions and has been unable to communicate effectively during times of distress.

Addendum: SCP-6767 was initially brought to the Foundation's attention by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) after a series of suspicious transactions were identified in SCP-6767's bank account, suggesting that she was involved in illegal activities. Further investigations revealed that SCP-6767 was a victim of identity theft and had no connection to the financial activities in question.

SCP-6767 continues to work as a banker, with a high reputation for exceptional customer service and ethical business practices within the industry. Requests for SCP-6767's release from containment have been denied as it is crucial to ensure her protection from potential identity theft and other external threats.