Item #: SCP-961

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-961 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment cell at all times. Any instances of SCP-961-1 are to be immediately neutralized and disposed of to prevent any potential contamination. Additionally, all personnel assigned to SCP-961 are required to wear level 4 hazmat suits at all times when interacting with SCP-961.

Description:

SCP-961 appears to be a male human with spots across his face and a wide smile. However, SCP-961's most notable feature is its red clown eyes. SCP-961 is often seen wearing a gold chain and a pair of goggles on its forehead.

SCP-961's personality is described as extremely creative with a vivid imagination. It has a variety of unusual hobbies, such as writing poetry, creating cosplay costumes, and collecting unusual objects. However, these hobbies often involve harmful or dangerous materials, leading to possible contamination.

While SCP-961 has no apparent anomalous abilities, it has been linked to the creation and control of SCP-961-1, a type of parasitic entity that seems to vary in appearance and abilities. SCP-961-1 instances have been observed to emerge from SCP-961's body at seemingly random intervals and have been known to attack and infect nearby individuals. Due to the unpredictable nature of the SCP-961-1 instances, SCP-961 is considered to be a potential threat to Foundation personnel and must be contained at all times.

SCP-961 was originally discovered working as a fast-food worker at the local restaurant. Due to the reported unusual behavior and potential danger, Foundation agents were dispatched to locate and contain SCP-961. After containment, it was discovered that SCP-961 had inadvertently created and released SCP-961-1 instances throughout the restaurant, leading to significant contamination and resulting in the closure of the establishment.

Addendum:

Interview Log 961-1:

Interviewer: Dr. ███████

Interviewee: SCP-961

Dr. ███████: Good morning, SCP-961. How are you feeling today?

SCP-961: Oh, I'm doing well, Doc. Just another day in the containment cell.

Dr. ███████: You seem to have a variety of interests and hobbies. Could you tell me more about them?

SCP-961: Sure thing! I love writing poetry, creating elaborate cosplay costumes, and collecting unusual objects. I have quite the collection!

Dr. ███████: It's been reported that you create and control SCP-961-1 entities. Can you confirm this?

SCP-961: Oh, yes. Those little guys? They're like my little pets. I'm really proud of them!

Dr. ███████: Your SCP-961-1 instances have been known to attack and infect nearby individuals. Why is this?

SCP-961: (laughs) Well, they're not really supposed to do that. But sometimes, they get a little mischievous and like to play around. That's all.

Dr. ███████: I see. Well, we'll have to work on containing and neutralizing any instances that emerge from you in the future.

SCP-961: Aw, that's no fun. But I understand. The world isn't quite ready for my little pets yet.