ITEM #: 6122

OBJECT CLASS: KETER

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES: 6122 is to be contained in a reinforced steel cage that is to be no less than six feet in height. Personnel are advised not to look 6122 directly in the eyes as this may trigger aggression. Any personnel who come into contact with 6122 must wear protective gloves and eyewear at all times.

DESCRIPTION: 6122, known amongst his associates as "The Boss," is a male monkey who has somehow developed human intelligence and speech capabilities. He stands at an approximate height of four feet and is often seen wearing a blue bandana around his head as well as gold earrings in his ears.

In addition to his aforementioned accessories, 6122 is often seen sporting nerd glasses which add to the overall comical appearance of the creature. He also carries with him at all times a referee whistle which he uses to call a halt to discussions that he deems to be non-productive.

Despite his comical appearance, 6122 is a dangerous figure and currently serves as the head of a local mafia. He has demonstrated a keen analytical mind and logical approach to situations that allow him to navigate complex situations easily.

Personnel who have come into contact with 6122 have noted that he has a penchant for getting into heated debates over trivial matters, such as the superiority of a particular brand of coffee or the best way to cook a particular meal. His arguments can be overwhelming and pushy, leading many to simply concede to his point in order to avoid further confrontation. 

APPEARANCE: A male monkey with a blue bandana wrapped around its head, gold earrings in its ears, and nerd glasses perched on its nose. 

BEHAVIOR: Analytical and logical, with a tendency to debate even about trivial or unimportant topics.

INTELLIGENCE: Considerably higher than normal for a monkey, with intelligence on par with humans. 

ADDENDUM: 6122 is highly resourceful, and therefore cannot be underestimated. Avoid direct eye contact, and speak with precaution. Any attempts to antagonize or harm 6122 will result in severe consequences.