Item #: SCP-1613

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1613 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at all times, and is to be allowed access to any publications, such as newspapers, magazines, or real estate brochures, upon request. Any lethal weapons or objects which may be used as such must be removed from the room prior to SCP-1613 being allowed access. Additionally, any requests for unapproved visitors must be blocked and reported to personnel immediately.

Description: SCP-1613 is a female humanoid, apparently of the Homo sapiens species, displaying distinct characteristics that are atypical when compared to other humans, including spots on her skin and a purple lip. Her face is further distinguished by blue clown eyes, with her hair styled extravagantly into a rainbow festival style. SCP-1613 generally wears a gold chain around her neck, which is adorned with various charms, as well as a gold earring on one of her ears. SCP-1613 is often seen smoking a cigarette, which she will discard in a nearby ashtray when finished.

SCP-1613 personality is characterized by a strong sense of independence, although they are not confident enough to ask for help in certain situations. This reluctance to accept help, even when necessary, often leads to humorous outcomes. She displays a particular interest in real estate and architecture, which she pursues in a professional capacity as a real estate agent.

SCP-1613 became known to the Foundation when several local police departments reported unusual behavior in her, including offering police officers to purchase properties at extremely unusual prices. Further investigation revealed SCP-1613's anomalous abilities, which include the ability to manipulate an individual's perception of value when negotiating prices.

SCP-1613's motives and how she acquired these abilities are currently unknown. Further investigation and research necessary to determine if she poses any threat to society.

Addendum 1613-01: During an interview, SCP-1613 confirmed that she was aware of her anomalous abilities and alluded to additional powers. Further inquiry was met with silence.