Item #: 4112

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4112 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber. Due to her occasional reckless behavior, she is not allowed access to any potentially dangerous objects or equipment. Any requests for risky activities must be approved by at least two Level 3 personnel. SCP-4112 is to be monitored for any unusual behavior or anomalies, and any changes in her physical appearance or behavior must be reported to senior staff immediately.

Description: SCP-4112 is a female humanoid, approximately 25 years old, and of average height and build. Her most distinctive feature is her pink rabbit head, which she is capable of removing to reveal a human face. SCP-4112 has blue clown eyes, spots on her face, and a smile that is nearly always present. She also has a two-color band on her forehead, gold earrings, and a choker around her neck. She is often seen smoking a cigarette.

SCP-4112 is known for her love of adventure and taking risks, which has resulted in several near-death experiences. She has demonstrated the ability to successfully navigate dangerous situations, such as bungee jumping and surviving in the wilderness. She is quick to make decisions and trusts her instincts, which has resulted in both positive and negative outcomes.

SCP-4112 appears to be mostly human in terms of behavior, emotions, and intelligence. However, her rabbit head and gold earrings have yet to be explained. Despite her adventurous nature, she can become easily overwhelmed or anxious in unfamiliar situations. She has a tendency to form strong bonds with others quickly, although this can also make her vulnerable to manipulation or deception.

SCP-4112 has been cooperative with Foundation personnel and has not displayed any hostile or anomalous behavior. Nevertheless, her erratic behavior and the unknown origins of her rabbit head make her a potential threat and should be monitored closely.

Addendum 4112-A: SCP-4112 has requested permission to participate in a skydiving event. All involved personnel are advised to closely monitor the situation and prepare for any potential complications.