Item #: 3551

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: Subject 3551 is to be kept under surveillance at all times in a secure facility specially designed to cater to his unpredictable personality. Any contact with 3551 by facility staff must be through a 2-way communication system in a secured room. The underlining reason for this measure is the subject's tendency to engage in debates of all kinds that can become heated and incendiary, even when no actual disagreement exists. In addition, 3551 adopts a clown-like appearance that can unnerve those who are unaccustomed to such an appearance.

Description: SCP-3551 is a human male who identifies himself as a veterinarian with a unique appearance. This appearance includes blue clown eyes, an oversized clown mouth with unnatural teeth, spots on the face, a conspicuous bucket hat, a gold necklace, and a cigarette. This unique appearance and his witty character make him prone to stand out in any crowd. The origins of these appearances could not be traced to any particular cause, and 3551 is unwilling to disclose any personal information on this matter. 

With an IQ of 140, the subject is exceptionally intelligent and well-versed in a multitude of subjects. He has a passion for engaging in debates of all kinds, from politics and religion to art and entertainment. Many that engage him in conversations report having a pleasurable experience, as the subject has the ability to make even mundane topics enjoyable. Nonetheless, his animated personality and dire zeal for intellectual discussions often leads to conflicts with friends, family members, and peers. 

Addendum 3551-B: Investigation of 3551's background disclosed that he was once a popular clown at the 'Chuckles Carnival Company.' Rumors suggested that he was fired due to excessive indulgence in his passion for debates that often created bad PR for the carnival. It seems that this resulted in his breakdown, where he underwent several surgeries to outfit himself with his current look. It cannot be confirmed at this time whether this was the direct reason for 3551's clown-like appearance. 

Addendum 3551-C: Following further assessment of 3551, we have come to realize that his personality poses no harm to the general public or classified operations. Therefore, SCP 3551's object class has been downgraded to Safe. The subject has shown no sign of aggression and has compliancy with the facility's protocols. Despite his unusual appearance, the subject poses no significant threat to the staff or society as a whole. 

Note: Due to his charismatic personality, 3551 is ideal for diplomatic missions with potential anomalous beings or situations that require a calm and reasonable demeanor. Any future interaction with said situations is to undergo stringent safety protocols. 

-Foundation Researcher, Dr. ██████