Item #: SCP-3577

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3577 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██. Access to SCP-3577 is restricted to Level 2 personnel and above. SCP-3577 is not allowed to come into contact with any foodstuffs while inside containment due to its anomalous properties. All personnel entering SCP-3577's containment cell are required to wear protective gear to prevent exposure to the object's anomalous abilities.

Description: SCP-3577 is a human female of indeterminate age, currently working as a fast food worker at a popular chain restaurant. SCP-3577 is approximately 5 feet 6 inches tall and appears to be of average weight. SCP-3577's most notable features are the spots on its face and the purple color of its lips. SCP-3577 wears glasses with normal lenses and a medical mask over its mouth at all times, regardless of where it is or what it is doing.

SCP-3577 possesses an extremely strong sense of empathy, which allows it to pick up on the emotions of those around it with great accuracy. This ability has led to SCP-3577 being able to diffuse tense situations with ease, and it is an expert in de-escalation techniques. SCP-3577's empathic abilities also make it a very effective interrogator, as it is able to sense when an individual is lying or telling the truth.

SCP-3577's anomalous properties manifest when it comes into contact with foodstuffs. Any food that SCP-3577 has physical contact with becomes highly addictive to those who eat it. Individuals who consume food that has been touched by SCP-3577 will experience intense cravings for that food and will become increasingly obsessed with obtaining more of it. This effect has been observed even in individuals who do not typically have addictive personalities.

Addendum: SCP-3577 has requested that it be allowed to continue working as a fast food worker, as it enjoys interacting with people and using its empathic abilities to help others. However, due to the risks associated with its anomalous properties, this request has been denied. SCP-3577 has been offered the opportunity to work for the Foundation in a non-anomalous capacity, but has declined all such offers.