Item #: 4011

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: Subject seems to pose no immediate danger to those around them, however, extreme caution is still advised when encountering the entity. Subject has been assigned to work as a reporter for the Foundation’s news department as an effort to keep them busy and uninvolved with any significant incidents. Subject's living quarters must be outfitted with as many distractions and stimulation as possible in order to prevent boredom or depression.

Description: 

Subject 4011 is a male monkey with notably frightened features. The entity's face is often contorted into an anxious and startled expression, compounded by the bright clown blue eyes set in a face of vivid not arranged green fur. 

Another feature that stands out about 4011 is the goggle on the entity's forehead, a somewhat inexplicable accessory the creature seems to have developed a fondness for. This, along with the entity's whistle, is almost always present during observational studies of the entity.

Subject 4011's particular species is unknown, but it is believed to be a type of macaque, running approximately 45 inches tall and 60 pounds in weight. The subject is known for its excellent attention to detail in all things, a talent that would prove useful if not for the entity's tendency towards fixation on the smallest and most insignificant details. 

Moreover, 4011 tends to get stuck on tasks for extended periods, ultimately toiling over them to the point of excess, as seen recently when the entity spent two straight days creating a meticulous origami of the Eiffel Tower. 

A noteworthy quality of 4011 is the creature's ability to be a fantastic gift-giver, often able to find even the most obscure or rare items to bring joy to their peers. Nevertheless, the entity's notorious perfectionist tendencies have resulted in many awkward moments when offering presents or decisions of significance. 


Notes: As a reporter, 4011 has been able to generate a moderate to high following due to the wacky and unexpected stories that seem to follow the entity everywhere it goes. Nevertheless, Foundation employees must always be cautious with the entity when it is in high-pressure or emotionally taxing situations, as the entity's responses tend to be unpredictable. Proven extremely agile and adaptable with an intelligent, quick-thinking personality in high-intensity situations, 4011 continues to be a valuable asset to the Foundation.