Item #: SCP-8991

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-8991 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at all times. The chamber is to be equipped with audio and visual monitoring equipment to maintain continuous surveillance of the subject. Any attempts by SCP-8991 to escape or cause harm should be met with immediate use of tranquilizers.

In addition, all access to SCP-8991 is to be restricted to Level 4 personnel or above, and any interaction with SCP-8991 must be supervised by at least two armed guards.

Description:

SCP-8991 is a male human of average height and build, with a distinct mouth spot located on the upper left side of his mouth. His eyes have been permanently altered to resemble ski goggles, and he wears a gold chain around his neck as an accessory. SCP-8991 also wears a green cross earring on his left ear and is often seen smoking cigarettes.

SCP-8991's most noticeable feature is his constant smile, which is always present regardless of the situation. Despite his friendly demeanor, SCP-8991 has been shown to be impulsive and prone to acting on his emotions. This trait can lead to potentially dangerous situations, which is why SCP-8991 is classed as Euclid.

SCP-8991's occupation prior to containment was that of a banker, a position which he utilized to embezzle vast sums of money over the years. He has yet to reveal the whereabouts of this money to the Foundation, despite repeated attempts to extract this information from him.

Personality:

SCP-8991 is friendly and jovial with a tendency to laugh at inappropriate times. He is often found making spontaneous decisions, which can lead to amusing and surprising situations. However, this trait has proven to be problematic when dealing with high-risk situations, and caution is advised when interacting with SCP-8991.

SCP-8991 remains a mysterious figure, and as such, further research into his past is warranted to determine any potential threats he may pose to the Foundation and wider society.