Item #: 534

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-534 is to be contained in a large cage, reinforced with titanium plating and furnished with several toys and amenities to simulate natural environments. Adequate food and medical care should be provided, as well as regular exercise and social interaction with SCP personnel. Any attempts to move SCP-534 must be approved by at least two Level-4 personnel and completed under strict supervision.

Description: SCP-534 is a male humanoid figure that resembles a Siberian tiger (Panthera tigris altaica), standing at approximately 6'9" tall and weighing 250 lbs. The subject's physical features embody those of a tiger, including striped fur, sharp claws and long teeth, and a tail that facilitates balance and agility.

SCP-534 has distinctive nerd glasses that enhance their vision and provide detailed measurements and stats of their surroundings. The glasses are attached to a golden earring located on its left ear.

SCP-534 is known to exhibit high levels of empathy and emotional sensitivity towards other creatures, particularly sentient beings. It has been observed that SCP-534 may undergo emotional outbursts or become teary-eyed when witnessing the pain, distress, or suffering of others. SCP-534 has also demonstrated a fondness for animals and nature, and it is believed to possess a unique ability to communicate with other species.

Addendum: SCP-534's anomalous properties were discovered following a series of reports of a "giant tiger-man" roaming the city streets and assisting individuals in need. Foundation personnel were dispatched to follow the reports, and eventually, SCP-534 was located and contained.

SCP-534 has shown cooperative behavior and is compliant with Foundation protocols. Ongoing studies on SCP-534's abilities, anatomy, and psychology are being conducted, and its containment procedures are subject to regular review and modification.

Note: SCP-534 is one of the few anomalies that has evoked feelings of empathy and compassion in SCP personnel. While caution is advised in interacting with SCP-534, the subject is to be treated with respect and care, as befitted to their sensitive nature.