Item #: SCP-9616

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-9616 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment chamber equipped with the latest technology for communication and monitoring. The subject must be provided with access to tools and materials for their mechanic work under direct supervision. Any modifications or devices requested by SCP-9616 must be approved by at least two Level 3 personnel or above.

SCP-9616 is allowed weekly visits from pre-approved individuals, with no more than three guests at a time. Interactions must be monitored at all times for safety.

Description: SCP-9616 is a humanoid of the female gender, approximately 30 years old with a height of 5'6''. The subject has multiple spots on her skin, which have been determined to be natural pigmentation. Of note are her unique eye implants, which project a virtual reality rainbow LED effect. Her head is stylized in the likeness of a typical 00s school girl, although she herself is not connected to any known cultural phenomenon.

SCP-9616 has been classified as a human, although she possesses several biological and technological enhancements. Notable among these modifications is a pair of jade earring implants which allow wireless communication and data transfer. The subject is also seen to regularly wear a medical mask as part of her attire.

SCP-9616 primarily works as a mechanic and has shown proficiency in the repair and modification of a broad range of technologies, both mechanical and digital. She tends to exhibit an outgoing and social personality, often telling humorous stories and jokes that can be contagious. SCP-9616 enjoys being the center of attention and tends to attract positive reactions from others when present.

Addendum: SCP-9616 has requested to join the Foundation as a mechanical specialist. While the request is currently under review, it should be noted that SCP-9616 has proven to be a valuable asset in the repair and maintenance of Foundation equipment within her containment area.