SCP Foundation Description:

Item #: SCP-9000 

Object Class: Euclid 

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-9000 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-███. SCP-9000 is allowed limited access to art supplies and writing materials for the purpose of containment as long as it produces non-anomalous works of art. SCP-9000 is to be monitored at all times for any signs of anomalous behavior. 

Description: SCP-9000 is a humanoid individual of the male gender, appearing to be in their late twenties. SCP-9000 has orange stripes running diagonally across their face, which seem to be a natural feature. They are always seen wearing a hoodie and nerd glasses, and often carry a candy stick in their hand. 

SCP-9000 is a Human farmer by profession but posses significant artistic talent expressed through hobbies such as painting and drawing. SCP-9000 has the ability to create anomalous works of art that can cause various effects on individuals who view them, some of these effects we have been able to classify as compulsive consumption disorders and phobia-based anxiety. SCP-9000 can create these effects not only through paintings and drawings but also through writing and other forms of artistic expression. 

SCP-9000 is conscious of this effect and has shown caution not to let it stray beyond his control. It has shown some passive-aggressive behavior in the past when it felt it was losing control. 

SCP-9000's candy stick is also an anomalous object; it has the ability to suppress SCP-9000's anomalous effect on individuals that view their artwork. The additional function of the candy stick is unknown. Hence, SCP-9000 is to keep the candy stick whenever it creates art, and its movement should be tracked closely. 

Addendum 9000.1 - SCP-9000 discovered during Foundation Raid 

SCP-9000 came to our attention in a raid aimed at suppressing a group of anomalous artists that were propagating anomalous objects out in the public. SCP-9000 was arrested while in the group's hideout, and testing revealed its anomalous abilities. Further investigation uncovered the identity of the group and other anomalous objects. This device has been an invaluable asset in our ongoing efforts to reduce the spread of anomalous objects. 

Note: Due to SCP-9000's nature, a plan for potential cooperation in developing art therapy programs or as a "friendly" SCP is currently under consideration.