Item #: 1557

Object Class: Anomalous

Job Title: Farmer

Species: Simian

Gender: Male

Special Containment Procedures: Item 1557 is to be kept in a standard containment chamber designed for primate specimens. The room must have a simple lock and be guarded at all times. The guards are required to wear earplugs to prevent any attempts of Item 1557 using its mesmerizing voice. Item 1557 is allowed one (1) cigarette per day, and it must not be satisfied with any additional conditions. Any attempts to increase or change this provision will result in severe consequences. Any interactions with Item 1557 must be kept professional and robotic to avoid unnecessary attachments.

Description: Item 1557 is a seven meters tall primate of the simian species. It has a disfigured face with red eyes similar to those of a clown that glows in the dark, and its ears are pierced with a golden hook earring. Item 1557's anomalous nature manifests in its irresistible voice, which has a mesmerizing effect on the human mind, making it hard to resist its commands or speeches. Item 1557 also has the personality of an extroverted and highly optimistic character. Its natural charm and charisma make it the life of the party, often cracking jokes and doing silly dances to entertain others.

Personality: Although Item 1557 is highly sociable and entertaining, it often manipulates people to get its desires. It takes advantage of others' weaknesses, convincing them to conform to its desires. However, it is highly intelligent and understands the human psyche, often changing its approach concerning the person it interacts with. Item 1557 has a great attachment to its cigarettes, which it regards as a legal drug, often claiming that it helps in keeping up the good vibes. It has a great distaste for being contained, and any attempts to limit its freedom causes it to use its mesmerizing voice, often leading to severe mental trauma to those who succumb to it.

Conclusion: Item 1557 is a highly manipulative and dangerous creature, having the highly charismatic personality to lure its target into submission. Any interactions with the item must be limited to the barest minimum and kept professional to avoid any unintended attachments. Any violation of the containment procedures will result in the perpetrator being subject to severe mental trauma or termination.