Item #: SCP-4925

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4925 is to be kept in a standard containment chamber with appropriate accommodations for its humanoid rabbit physiology. However, it must be supervised at all times in case of any sudden change in temperament or aggression. Any unauthorized personnel caught approaching SCP-4925's containment chamber will be immediately detained for questioning.

Description: SCP-4925 is a male European rabbit anthropomorph, standing at 5'5" (1.65 m). It appears to have an innate capacity for veterinary medical knowledge and possesses a license to practice medicine on animals. SCP-4925 is usually very alert and emotionally distant from other Foundation staff but has been known to express strong emotions of fear when faced with situations that appear dangerous.

SCP-4925 is identifiable by its jade earring and LED gas mask which has been adapted to fit its rabbit-like facial structure. The mask is highly advanced and capable of purifying the air which it breathes, as well as emitting light in low-light conditions. Additionally, SCP-4925 wears a gold chain necklace around its neck, which is believed to have supernatural properties.

Personality: SCP-4925 has a forceful and headstrong personality, leading it to be perceived as intimidating or domineering. SCP-4925 can incline towards an absurd level of obsession with medical procedures and animal anatomy, to the point that it causes some Foundation staff to speculate that SCP-4925 may have originated from another reality or has been otherwise altered in extreme ways. It insists on following protocols without question and doesn't entertain any fun by straying from its duties as assigned. SCP-4925 is generally not socially active among its research team and prefers to stay in isolation except for when its duties require teamwork.

Addendum 4925-A: During a routine checkup, it was discovered that SCP-4925's eyeballs are actually high-tech ski goggles capable of inputting data from its surroundings through its mask. While its internal physiology is rabbit-based, it appears that SCP-4925's genetic makeup includes a mixture of mammalian and automotive technology. Future research has been authorized to investigate if SCP-4925 possesses other anomalous cores.