Item #: SCP-7987

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7987 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber. At no point should SCP-7987 be allowed access to the outside world without proper authorization and escort by armed personnel. All personal interactions with SCP-7987 must be recorded for review by Level 2 personnel or higher.

Description: SCP-7987 appears to be a normal human male of mid-thirties in age, working as a banker in one of the branches of [REDACTED] Bank. It presents with several unique features that differentiate it from the average human. It has several spots on its face, which appear to be a part of its natural pigmentation. SCP-7987's eyes are blue with a distinctive clown-like appearance.

SCP-7987 wears a medical mask over its mouth at all times, although it is unknown whether this serves any purpose other than cosmetic. SCP-7987 has a shaved head with a monk-like hairstyle and wears a green cross earring on its left ear. It also sports a silver chain around its neck.

Personality-wise, SCP-7987 tends to be highly organized and enjoys planning ahead. However, it also exhibits a spontaneous side, which has resulted in humorous situations in the past. SCP-7987 enjoys surprising its friends with impromptu adventures or last-minute party planning, which have turned out to be a hit. It is unknown if this is a part of its anomalous properties or merely a personality quirk.

SCP-7987's anomalous properties are currently under investigation, although no abnormal activity has been observed as of yet. Its employment as a banker may be relevant to its anomalous properties, and further study is required to confirm or deny any relation to its powers.

Addendum: Due to its cooperation and relatively harmless behavior, SCP-7987 has been granted occasional access to on-site recreational facilities, pending approval by Level 3 personnel. SCP-7987 has shown particular interest in playing pool and chess, and has been observed engaging in friendly games with staff members during off-hours.