Item #: SCP-6687

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-6687 is to be kept under 24-hour surveillance at all times, and is to be allowed no contact with any individuals outside of designated Foundation staff. SCP-6687 is to be provided with a daily supply of cigarettes, which are to be provided by a designated Foundation member.

Access to SCP-6687 is to be granted only with Level 2 clearance or higher, and any interactions with SCP-6687 are to be conducted through an approved communication device.

Description:

SCP-6687 is a female human delivery driver, identified by Driver's License as Marissa Jones. SCP-6687's primary distinguishing features are her rainbow LED VR eyes and her purple cap with a headset, as well as a gold chain and cigarette. SCP-6687 is known to have a constantly positive demeanor and a contagious laugh, and has a strong sense of empathy, making her highly attuned to the emotions of others.

SCP-6687 has demonstrated an ability to lift heavy objects with ease, and is able to perform physically demanding tasks for extended periods of time without tiring. SCP-6687 has also been observed to have heightened agility and reflexes, allowing her to navigate dangerous situations with ease.

Despite SCP-6687's positive attitude, caution should be taken when interacting with her, as she has been observed displaying unusual behavior when triggered by stressful or emotionally charged situations.

Addendum:

On ██/██/████, following an incident in which SCP-6687 was exposed to highly emotional individuals, SCP-6687's rainbow LED eyes began emitting an unknown source of energy. All individuals in the immediate vicinity reported feeling an intense surge of positivity and happiness, and all previously hostile individuals became highly cooperative.

Site-██ has since been equipped with a system to monitor SCP-6687's emotional state and to limit her exposure to highly emotional individuals. Research into SCP-6687 and her unique abilities is ongoing.