Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6588 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at all times. Due to its compassion and empathy, it is not to be restrained unless for medical or security reasons. SCP-6588's chamber is to be outfitted with a small stereo playing classical music at a low volume at all times to prevent agitated behavior.

SCP-6588 is permitted to continue its employment as a train driver under the guise of "transportation specialist" with Foundation Surveillance in place. SCP-6588's living quarters are to be situated in close proximity to a train station, medically sound, with precise sanitation and personal maintenance in check. 

Description: SCP-6588 is a male monkey with unusual physical characteristics. Its eyes resemble ski goggles, while its head is parted pink fur with jade earrings in its ears. SCP-6588 wears a silver chain and a normal gas mask as its accessories. SCP-6588's speech is relatively fluent, with a vocabulary range that is still being explored. 

SCP-6588's personality centers around its strong, empathetic character. It exhibits compassionate behavior towards its fellow human beings, a trait perceived as excessively anthropomorphic. SCP-6588 tends to procrastinate on its own duties to take on the problems of others. SCP-6588 has the potential of causing harm by jeopardizing its own safety to help those in need. SCP-6588 receives weekly psychiatric evaluations to monitor its well-being and determine the correct dosage for anxiety medication.

SCP-6588 was initially discovered on a train in the United Kingdom's rural area, having materialized on the driver locomotive without explanation. SCP-6588's cooperation with the Foundation and positive interactions with those in its vicinity lead to its employment as an undercover driver for Foundation operations.

Addendum: Since the containment of SCP-6588, several Foundation researchers are noticing cognitive enhancements, especially in terms of problem-solving, analytical processes, and pattern recognition. However, any causal relationship between the monkey and the seemingly positive effects is still unclear. Research is ongoing.