Item #: SCP-5567

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5567 is to be held in a standard humanoid containment chamber with regular psychological evaluations. Any requests for additional items must be reviewed and approved by at least two level-3 personnel. SCP-5567 is permitted to continue practicing their profession as a veterinarian, however, all treatments must be supervised by Foundation staff to prevent any harm to anomalous animals.

Description: SCP-5567 is a human female with distinctive purple lips and spotted skin. Their eyes are orange with thick pointed eyebrows. SCP-5567 has long blonde hair and frequently wears an ushanka. A silver chain is often seen around their neck and they are regularly seen smoking cigarettes.

Forehead goggles and unusual hobbies such as writing poetry, collecting unusual objects, and creating elaborate cosplay costumes are key defining features of SCP-5567's personality. They are constantly exploring the limits of their creativity and have a vivid imagination which makes them excel at problem-solving. However, this also makes them prone to daydreaming and can distract them from important tasks.

SCP-5567 is very passionate about animal welfare, working as a veterinarian to care for animals in need. They have a knack for working with anomalous animals, although their unconventional methods have raised concerns with the Ethics Committee. SCP-5567 is exceptionally skilled in veterinary medicine, possessing a profound understanding of animal anatomy and physiology.

As SCP-5567 enjoys exploring the limits of creativity, it is advised to monitor them closely during their activities to ensure that they do not accidentally or purposefully use anomalous objects or perform unusual rituals during their downtime.

Addendum: SCP-5567 has shown no signs of hostility or aggression towards Foundation personnel. Furthermore, SCP-5567 has not knowingly acted in a manner that compromised the Foundation's activities or violated the Veil Protocol. Access to Highly classified information is restricted to only those who require it for their work, and as scp 5567 is not associated with any anomalous organization or sentient anomalous item, information can be withheld if needed.