Item #: SCP-3384

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3384 should be secured in a standard humanoid containment chamber and monitored at all times. Due to her propensity for risk-taking, all recreational activities must be approved by a containment specialist. Further psychological evaluation is necessary to determine the extent of SCP-3384's abilities.

Description: SCP-3384 is a female humanoid identified by her iconic red lips, blue clown eyes, and metal blue head. She has adorned herself with various accessories, including a red cross earring, choker, and cigarette. SCP-3384's love for adventure has led her to engage in dangerous and life-threatening activities on numerous occasions. Despite these risks, she has displayed a remarkable ability to survive and continue her escapades.

SCP-3384's personality is described as fearless, adventurous, and impulsive. Her love for new experiences and risk-taking has led her to engage in numerous activities that most individuals consider dangerous or life-threatening. She has a particular affinity for bungee jumping, skydiving, and other extreme sports. Should her enthusiasm for such activities prove harmful to others, caution must be taken.

SCP-3384's capabilities are as yet unknown due to her reluctance to share her abilities with Foundation personnel. Considering the extent of her trait, it is advisable to subject her to a rigorous psychological evaluation. Until further information is obtained, classification as Euclid remains.

Addendum 3384-1: SCP-3384's abilities discovered during testing

SCP-3384 has anomalous abilities that have been uncovered during a series of tests. The following abilities were observed:
- SCP-3384 can telekinetically launch objects and living beings with incredible force.
- SCP-3384 can cause localized earthquakes and tremors.
- SCP-3384 is able to read and manipulate the thoughts of others.

Due to these new findings, SCP-3384's containment procedures have been updated. Further testing on these abilities will be allowed only under strict supervision. Research is ongoing to gain a complete understanding of SCP-3384's capabilities.