Item #: 7080

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7080 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber, with a minimum size of 10 square meters. No less than two (2) security personnel are to be stationed outside SCP-7080's containment chamber at all times. All visitors must undergo a thorough security screening before being granted permission to interact with SCP-7080.

Description: SCP-7080 is a female humanoid identified as Dr. [REDACTED], a medical doctor specializing in hematological diseases. SCP-7080's most notable feature is the appearance of a pink rabbit atop her head, which has been confirmed to be a physical manifestation of her own subconscious. 

SCP-7080's face is marked by a notable purple hue to her lips, and her eyes are obscured behind normal glasses. SCP-7080's forehead is adorned with a two-color band, the function of which remains unknown. SCP-7080's ears bear a distinctive green cross earring, the origin and significance of which is also unknown. 

SCP-7080 is known for her dry and often sardonic sense of humor, which can catch individuals off-guard. Despite claiming to dislike being the center of attention, SCP-7080 has been observed delivering deadpan jokes that are surprisingly funny, endearing her to many. It should be noted that SCP-7080's humor can be seen as inappropriate or insensitive in certain situations, particularly when dealing with sensitive or serious topics. 

SCP-7080 has exhibited no anomalous abilities or traits beyond her physical appearance and personality. SCP-7080's behavior is generally compliant and cooperative, and she has demonstrated no aggression towards Foundation staff members. SCP-7080 has been observed to be proficient in her medical duties and is able to provide medical assistance to Foundation staff members when necessary.

Addendum: As of ██/██/████, Dr. [REDACTED] has requested to be transferred to a new containment cell and will only be referred to as SCP-7080. No reason for this request has been given. Transfer approved per request.