Item #: SCP-8935

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-8935 is to be contained in a standard human containment cell with basic amenities. They are allowed to work their job as a fast food worker, however, are to be monitored at all times by undercover Foundation personnel. Any attempts to use their abilities outside of their job must be reported to the Foundation immediately. Any unauthorized individuals found in contact with SCP-8935 are to be administered Class-C amnestics and SCP-8935 is to be reprimanded accordingly.

Description: SCP-8935 is a human female with various physical characteristics. They have spots on their face, red lips, and orange eyebrows. SCP-8935's head appears to resemble that of a rainbow festival attendee. They wear a gold earring, gold chain, and are often seen wearing clothing with colorful designs. SCP-8935's personality is described as having a strong sense of duty and responsibility, but they also know how to have fun. They have been observed being the life of the party, getting everyone to dance and sing along to their favorite songs. This ability appears to be anomalous, leading the Foundation to believe SCP-8935 may possess reality-warping abilities.

SCP-8935's powers have been observed to manifest through their vocal abilities. When SCP-8935 sings or speaks in a certain tone or pitch, they are able to create various effects such as levitation, changing the color of objects, and healing injuries. However, SCP-8935's powers are not fully understood and it is believed that they may have the ability to manipulate reality through their voice.

SCP-8935's potential as a reality bender makes them a major concern for the Foundation. They must be monitored at all times and their abilities kept under tight control. Any attempts by SCP-8935 to use their powers for personal gain or outside of their job must be reported immediately to the Foundation. Trust and rapport are important with SCP-8935 to ensure that their cooperation is maintained. 

SCP-8935's real name is currently unknown, as they refuse to disclose their identity. SCP-8935 is cooperative with the Foundation and appears to understand the risks associated with their anomalous abilities. They also show a willingness to help the Foundation when called upon. However, due to SCP-8935's potential power, caution must be taken when dealing with them. 

Addendum: On [REDACTED], SCP-8935 was exposed to a high decibel frequency that tested the limits of their vocal abilities. The resulting effect caused [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-8935 was severely injured and remained comatose for a period of [REDACTED] before natural healing abilities activated. Upon awakening, SCP-8935 appeared to have lost their ability to manipulate reality, but it is uncertain if this loss is permanent or temporary. Further investigation is needed.