Item #: SCP-4754

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-4754 is to be monitored at all times via surveillance cameras located at their work station, in addition to regular check-ins by on-site security personnel. Any unusual behavior or abilities displayed by SCP-4754 are to be reported immediately to Site Director. SCP-4754 is to be provided with a daily supply of Class B amnestics to mitigate any potential breach of SCP security protocols. 

Description:

SCP-4754 is an anomalous human individual, currently employed as a train driver for a major metropolitan railway service. SCP-4754 is a female of mixed race, with an appearance that is difficult to describe due to its constantly changing, rainbow-colored phenotype. SCP-4754's face is typically adorned with red lipstick, blue clown eyes, and a two-tone band across the forehead. The ears are pierced with jade earrings, which appear to have some protective effect from SCP-4754’s specific abilities. 

SCP-4754's anomalous properties manifest as occasional lapses in attention, which are sometimes accompanied by reality-altering manifestations. SCP-4754 displays an affinity for creative thought, which can occasionally result in extravagant conceptual creations observed by SCP Foundation personnel as the “Rainbow Festival”. This event causes an uncontrolled reality bending effect around SCP-4754. When SCP-4754 is left unchecked, the Festival can last from hours to days, causing unwanted contact with the Foundation from local authorities. 

So far, SCP-4754 has exhibited no knowledge of their own anomalous nature, nor have they demonstrated any ability to control their ability, the symptoms thereof only manifesting when SCP-4754 is deeply focused on a project or otherwise engrossed in thought. It is paramount that their attention is not allowed to shift for too long, and they are recalled to their duties as soon as possible. 

As such, all methods of communication during the duration of SCP-4754’s shift are only to be used in emergencies. If SCP-4754’s attention wanders, their supervisor is to see them returned to work promptly to prevent interference with smooth functioning of transit lines. 

Addendum:

SCP-4754 can be endearing and humorous in most situations, albeit a tad absent-minded. Otherwise, innocuous and positive composure has been noted. However, any attempts to interact with SCP-4754 in a non-professional capacity are strictly prohibited, as they may lead to unwanted side effects from SCP-4754’s anomalous properties.