Item #: 8485

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:
Subject 8485 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at all times. The chamber should be equipped with a television for entertainment purposes. Currently, there is no evidence to suggest that the subject poses a threat to the public. However, monitoring of their broadcasts is required in order to ensure the stability of the current reality.

Description:
SCP-8485 is a human male, standing at 6’2” in height with parted pink hair, along with nerd glasses and a contagious smile. The subject earns its living as a news anchor, and is known for his flamboyant on-air personality. Additionally, they often accessorize with a gold earring, and a gold chain when off air. Although SCP-8485 is generally cooperative with Foundation personnel, they have a tendency to be overzealous with their creative ideas.

SCP-8485 can create outlandish problems and solutions to these problems which can be both funny and harmful to others if implemented. Therefore, it is imperative that research teams have a strong grasp of improvisational skills to properly communicate with the subject.

Personality:
SCP-8485 enjoys coming up with new and creative ideas, constantly brainstorming and imagining scenarios. This aspect of their personality can lead to entertaining results, as they often suggest solutions to problems that are over-the-top and unconventional. SCP-8485‘s positive attitude, and infectious smile, make it well-liked and charismatic.

Despite their jovial persona, however, SCP-8485 remains as enigmatic and unpredictable as the forces of the universe. It is not known what hidden motivations, if any, drive such an individual to act in such a manner. SCP-8485's unique skillset allows for an interesting line of questioning regarding their past experiences, the potentialities of their abilities, and how far they will go to avoid their designated fate.

Addendum:
Despite expressed confusion and concern by some departments, there is no indication as of this moment that SCP-8485 poses any significant danger or threats to the normalcy of society. The current protocols with regards to this subject, as always, remain in place. If SCP-8485 exhibits any significant changes to their state of being or ability to act, agencies must immediately be notified.