Item #: SC-6210

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6210 is to be contained at Site-███ in a standard containment chamber. The chamber should have enough space to allow for SCP-6210's movements, as well as adequate food and water for its dietary requirements.

SCP-6210 is to be allowed access to the theater located on-site for the purpose of managing performances. However, it is imperative that SCP-6210 does not make direct contact with any of the theater's patrons, as SCP-6210 has been known to engage in heated debates or arguments with individuals with whom it disagrees.

SCP-6210 is to be monitored at all times via surveillance cameras and on-site personnel.

Description: SCP-6210 is a male rabbit standing at approximately 3 feet tall. SCP-6210 is generally humanoid in appearance, though with distinctive rabbit features such as long ears and a fluffy tail. SCP-6210 wears a blue bandana on its head and a jade earring on one ear. It is often seen with nerd glasses, a goggle on its forehead, a silver chain around its neck and carrying a candy stick.

SCP-6210 has displayed high intellect and analytical skills, which it uses primarily in the managerial role of a theater. However, it has also displayed a tendency to engage in debates or arguments with those around it. SCP-6210 finds such interactions enjoyable and humorously engaging regardless of the triviality or unimportant nature of the topic.

SCP-6210 is capable of speech in a language resembling English, though it may occasionally use terminology or phrasing that is unfamiliar or archaic. It will often make use of logical or analytical arguments during debates or arguments, displaying a wide range of knowledge in various fields.

Addendum: On ██/██/20██, SCP-6210 engaged in a debate with a member of the research staff concerning the nature of reality itself. This debate lasted for approximately 4 hours before both parties agreed to cease the argument. SCP-6210 was subsequently provided with a complimentary candy stick upon request.