Item #: SCP-4567

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4567 is to be allowed to continue his employment as a car salesman, with the caveat that he must not use his anomalous abilities to influence customers. All cars sold by SCP-4567 must undergo a full inspection and be cleared of any anomalies before being released to customers. SCP-4567 is allowed to wear his preferred accessories, but permission must be obtained before introducing any new items.

Description: SCP-4567 is a human male with facial feature #1 consisting of orange stripes. The subject's eyes resemble ski goggles and his head has green hair in a purple cap. SCP-4567 wears a green-cross earring, a red scarf, and carries a candy stick as an accessory. The subject speaks fluent English and displays a friendly personality.

SCP-4567's anomalous abilities include the ability to influence the decisions of car buyers. SCP-4567's influence is subtle and mental in nature, often making customers believe that they need a certain car or option. This ability has been observed to work on individuals with strong willpower and even those that have consulted with other specialists for advice. SCP-4567 denies any knowledge or control over his anomalous abilities, claiming that he is simply honest and that his customers choose the car of their own free will.

SCP-4567's personality is that of an idealist with a strong desire to make the world a better place. Despite his abilities to influence decisions, SCP-4567 will not use them to sell vehicles he believes are unsafe or harmful to the environment. SCP-4567 also demonstrated a tendency to be humorous, sometimes boycotting or protesting a company or cause that he feels goes against his values.

Addendum: SCP-4567 has been approved for limited use in the Foundation's Sales and Acquisitions Division. SCP-4567 is to be monitored closely and used with extreme caution. Any deviation or abuse of this privilege will result in immediate containment of SCP-4567.