SCP-4629 - The Fashionable Ape

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4629 is to be housed in a standard containment chamber equipped with adequate ventilation and food. The chamber must be furnished with a mini workroom containing a sewing machine, assorted fabrics, and other materials necessary for fashion designing. As SCP-4629 has shown a preference for cigarettes, a small pack of cigarettes is to be provided weekly.

Description: SCP-4629 is a male monkey of an unknown species with blue clown eyes. Its head is often concealed with a hoodie, and it is regularly seen wearing a red scarf around its neck, as well as smoking a cigarette. SCP-4629 displays a great passion for fashion design and has been observed to create fashion pieces with intricate designs, often incorporating its own fur into its creations. SCP-4629 demonstrates proficiency with different types of fabric, sewing and embroidery skills; its creations are remarkable, although observers have noted an eccentric or bizarre taste.

SCP-4629 also possesses a strong and decisive personality, which can manifest as intimidation to unfamiliar individuals. Its behaviour is that of a perfectionist and can be bossy if things do not go as planned. Nonetheless, SCP-4629 is cooperative and surprisingly friendly with those who share its passion for fashion.

Addendum: SCP-4629 was initially discovered in a fashion show in Paris, where Foundation agents observed it creating a haute-couture dress in total secrecy. Upon capture, it was cooperative and willingly agreed to join the Foundation's research program. Interviews with SCP-4629 revealed that it believed it was destined to become a famous fashion designer and had willingly prostituted itself to human owners in the past, hoping that they would put it in the limelight.

SCP-4629 is currently engaged in a collaboration between Foundation scientists and a number of famous fashion houses, aiming to experiment with SCP-4629's capabilities in high-fashion design. Nevertheless, genetic testing has confirmed a genetic anomaly present within its DNA, which suggests that SCP-4629 may be a product of genetic engineering by an unknown group of interest. Investigation is ongoing.