Item #: 4093

Object Class: Humanoid

Special Containment Procedures: Item #4093 is to be treated as a standard human subject and is to be allowed to perform her duties as a Traffic Officer. An assigned agent is to monitor 4093 for any anomalous behavior that may compromise her position as a civilian. A background check on individuals associated with Item #4093's “gifts” is to be conducted periodically through interviews and surveillance.

Description: Item #4093 appears to be a human female of average build and height, with distinctive spots visible on her pale complexion. Her hair is styled in a 00s School Girl fashion, complete with a gold chain. Her most notable features are her orange eyebrows and purple lips, which are often seen in bright lipstick.

Item #4093’s primary ability appears to be her evident talent in gift-giving, which is apparent through her exceptional observant skills in identifying details that are meaningful both to the recipient and herself. However, this ability also seems to come at a cost, as the item often becomes overly obsessed with creating the “perfect” gift, hampering her ability to function effectively in other areas of her life.

Personality: Item #4093 can often be seen going above and beyond in her role as a Traffic Officer. Her excellent attention to detail can be seen in her day-to-day work, as she often takes time to study traffic patterns and predict accidents before they occur. However, her drive for perfection can lead to anxiety and overthinking, making it difficult to make decisions in high-pressure situations. Subsequently, such self-induced stress seems to manifest in her "gift-giving" behavior where Item #4093 can spend hours thinking and planning for the perfect gift.

Item #4093 has been observed to be a little apprehensive around unfamiliar individuals but is generally cordial in conversation. She appears to hold no affiliation to any groups or organizations of interest to the Foundation. Nevertheless, Item #4093 is to be monitored cautiously as her abilities could slide uncontrollably if her anxieties concerning her gifts become extreme. 

Addendum: The Foundation has explored the prospect of utilizing Item #4093's gift-giving talents for acquiring unknown SCP-personnel. A gift from someone they trust may help coax individuals to collaborate with the Foundation's purpose. However, the notion is being evaluated with much deliberation preventing possible breaches.