Item #: SCP-2078

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2078 is to be kept in a maximum security containment cell that is lined with a Faraday cage. All personnel assigned to SCP-2078 must wear Class-4 biohazard suits and be equipped with sonic weaponry capable of disrupting her vocal cords. Any communication with SCP-2078 must be conducted through remote means, and all information pertaining to her must be handled on a need-to-know basis only.

Description: SCP-2078 is a female human identified by her unique facial features including spots and red lips, as well as her red clown eyes. She often wears a retro cap and a two-color band on her forehead as an accessory, but most notably, she wears an LED gas mask that obscures her mouth, making communication difficult.

SCP-2078's personality is traditional and no-nonsense, but she also exhibits a playful side. She is known to have a penchant for telling jokes and stories passed down through her family or community. It is unclear if this is a tactic to manipulate her victims or a genuine personality trait.

SCP-2078 is a highly intelligent and strategic villain who uses her charming personality to lure unsuspecting victims into her grasp. She possesses the ability to manipulate the minds of her victims and bend them to her will, making her extremely dangerous. SCP-2078 is suspected to have a network of other like-minded individuals in the criminal underworld but has not divulged any further information to Foundation personnel.

Addendum: SCP-2078 was apprehended by Foundation agents after reports of a series of bizarre murders in the city. It was discovered that SCP-2078 was responsible for these crimes, and she was brought into Foundation custody. Despite several attempts to extract information, SCP-2078 refuses to cooperate with the Foundation and remains a dangerous adversary. It is recommended that all personnel maintain a safe distance from SCP-2078 and follow all containment procedures at all times.