Item #: 8135

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: Subject 8135 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber with reinforced walls and equipped with outer soundproofing to muffle any vocalizations made by the subject. Subject is to be fed a diet of raw meat, in accordance with their dietary needs. Any interaction with 8135 is to be approved by at least two Level 3 personnel, with a minimum of one armed guard in attendance. Any injuries sustained by personnel must be reported immediately to the site medical officer.

Description: 8135 is a male tiger in the prime of his life standing at 6'2". The subject is well-built and muscular with distinctive blue fur and a blue bandana tied around his head. His eyes are hidden behind horn-rimmed glasses, and a jade earring hangs from each ear. The subject is usually seen wearing a medical mask which he appears to be frightened through his mouth. Despite being fully capable of speaking, the subject communicates through a series of growls, snarls, and other vocalizations commonly associated with wild tigers.

8135 has been employed by Foundation Personnel as a security guard due to his aggressive and protective nature. He is highly territorial, and will fiercely defend his assigned area against any perceived threats. He is prone to sudden outbursts of violence, making interaction with caution mandatory.

Personality: 8135's personality is peculiar for a tiger, with a vivid imagination and creative tendencies that belie his bestial nature. The subject enjoys writing poetry, creating elaborate cosplay costumes, and collecting unique objects. His hobbies were discovered when Foundation personnel found him alone in a bedroom surrounded by posters, clothing, and other subjects of pop culture, having seemingly fled the zoo from where he was kept. It is believed that the subject's hobbies developed as a coping mechanism following his sudden confinement in the zoo.

As such, Foundation Personnel has provided resources and permissions to support these hobbies in order to maintain a stabler mental state. While the subject is highly intelligent and capable, he is also highly unpredictable and has shown a tendency to act outside his designated role when fueled by a strong emotion. Therefore, extensive psychological evaluations are necessary to evaluate the subject's mental and emotional states, with particular emphasis placed on the stability of his psyche.

Addendum A: Recent Behavioral Changes - 8135 has been exhibiting sporadic and erratic behavior since their latest psychological assessment, resulting in multiple staff suffering injuries while the subject rampages in attacks.

Until a way to stabilize this behaviour is found, 8135 is to only be seen by researcher with clearance Level 4 or higher, and only in the rarest of circumstances can he be allowed access to SCPs to minimize damage from any unforeseen events.