Item #: 5411

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5411 is to be kept in a secure, padded cell at all times. Any and all interaction with SCP-5411 must be approved by at least two Level 3 personnel. It is absolutely crucial that SCP-5411 be kept away from any type of flammable liquid, substance, or material. SCP-5411's gas mask must be checked regularly to ensure proper functioning, and any repair or replacement done as necessary. 

Description: SCP-5411 is a male, Siberian tiger of average size and weight. One of its most distinguishing features is its blue clown eyes, which some psychiatrists believe are the result of a genetic mutation. Its head is covered with a rugged bucket hat with a two-tone band emblazoned across its forehead. SCP-5411 also wears a jade earring in its left ear along with a gold chain around its neck. It also carries an LED gas mask at all times, which seemingly enhances its ability to sense danger or harmful gasses.

SCP-5411 displays an exceptional level of intelligence, which is combined with an almost psychic-like ability to predict future events or sense the emotions of other beings. Despite its intimidating physical appearance, SCP-5411 is known for its empathetic and kind nature, particularly towards humans. 

SCP-5411 was discovered after it revealed its unusual abilities during its profession as a firefighter, where it was able to predict the location of fires or sense when humans were in danger. It is believed that SCP-5411's psychic-like abilities may be a result of several genetic mutations, as well as its training and expertise as a firefighter. Testing and research are ongoing to determine the full extent of SCP-5411's powers.

Addendum: Due to its exceptional abilities, SCP-5411 has been requested to work alongside the Foundation during several important operations, including the classification of other potentially dangerous SCPs. Requests for its use outside of containment will be considered on a case-by-case basis by Foundation personnel.