Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: Due to the nature of SCP-4521's species, containment within a standard humanoid cell is unfeasible. Instead, SCP-4521 has been transferred to an augmented containment chamber measuring at least 50 square meters with reinforced walls, ceiling, and floor made of reinforced steel.

SCP-4521 is required to wear a government-issued medical mask to prevent the spread of feline diseases. Any injuries sustained during non-anomalous incidents must be treated by an on-site medical personnel consisting of Level-3 personnel and above.

Description: SCP-4521 is a male tiger that has been assigned the occupation of a police officer. SCP-4521 prefers to don a red beanie and a red cross earring, as well as a pair of horned rim glasses. Often, instances will also display a frightened mouth due to their underlying anxiety disorder.

SCP-4521 appears to have a jovial personality, often pushing forward in situations that require it. They appear to have a sense of humor, and may enjoy making others laugh, using it as a method of diffusing tense situations. However, this has led to situations where SCP-4521 will tell inappropriate jokes or do impersonations of individuals they have arrested in order to lighten the mood, leading to disciplinary action.

SCP-4521 displays exceptional abilities that match their species, exhibiting superior strength and agility, and razor-sharp claws and teeth. Their skill set is augmented by their police training, allowing them to detain individuals effectively. SCP-4521 appears to have no anomalous abilities other than its sentience.

Addendum: SCP-4521's upbeat personality can be a double-edged sword as they have been recorded exhibiting recklessness while on duty. They have caused property damage on multiple occasions while making arrests and have been reprimanded for not following more conventional methods of crowd dispersal. It is yet unknown whether SCP-4521's behavior can be modified with training or strategic placement within the police department.