Item #: SCP-5617

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-5617 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell located in Site-██. All personnel assigned to SCP-5617 must undergo psychological evaluation before and after their shifts, to monitor any potential influence SCP-5617 may have on their emotions or actions.

In addition, all communication with SCP-5617 must be conducted remotely via video feed or through a secure communication network, as SCP-5617 has shown to be highly persuasive and manipulative in previous interactions.

Description:

SCP-5617 is a human female with distinctive pigtail hair and features such as gold earrings and a gold chain. However, the most notable feature of SCP-5617 is the purple lipstick, which has been observed to emit a low-level anomalous radiation. These features are believed to be artificially enhanced and part of a larger scheme to manipulate and control others.

SCP-5617 has exhibited various abilities that include the ability to manipulate emotions, move objects without physical intervention and to generate bursts of energy capable of causing violent destructive effects. SCP-5617’s powers appear to be growing stronger and more unpredictable over time.

SCP-5617’s personality can be characterized as impulsive, often leading them to act on emotion rather than logic. Their actions can lead to unexpected outcomes, and in the case of SCP-5617, their sudden changes of heart can be particularly dangerous.

SCP-5617’s ultimate goal or motive is currently unknown. However, it is suspected that they have ulterior motives to use their powers for personal gain and to manipulate others.

Addendum:

SCP-5615 was brought to the attention of the SCP Foundation after her “powers” were observed in a public confrontation with local authorities. Due to her unpredictable nature, it was recommended that SCP-5617 was to be contained and studied by the SCP Foundation. SCP-5617 was not pleased with this outcome, and it took a significant amount of force and resources to contain her. SCP-5617 is considered one of the most dangerous entities currently in containment, and all personnel assigned to SCP-5617’s containment are urged to exercise extreme caution.