Item #: SCP-3020

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3020 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber with no access to any electronic devices. SCP-3020 is to be provided with three meals daily, and all food items are to be prepared by a designated personnel with no ad-libbing except for mild seasoning. Access to tobacco products is prohibited.

Description: SCP-3020 is a human female, aged 27 years, and stands at 173 cm (5'8") tall. SCP-3020's face is covered in black spots, the size of which varies between 1-3 cm in diameter. Her red lips constantly move as if to adjust some possible foreign device attached to them.

SCP-3020's eyes are constructed with VR jade LED and continually glow green. Her hair is witch short, dyed charcoal grey, and always worn in a large bun, with a pair of goggles resting on her forehead. She also adorns a pair of gold earrings, with two inches long golden chains.

SCP-3020 is notable for the constant presence of a cigarette in her mouth, from which she inhales and exhales vapour instead of smoke. The vapour generates a sweet and pungent aroma, which has a minor calming effect on subjects exposed to it.

SCP-3020 exhibits a strong sense of duty and responsibility, constantly striving to prove herself to be an efficient worker. SCP-3020's desire for efficiency often leads her to undertake workloads far beyond what a standard human is capable of, resulting in humorous but messy outcomes. SCP-3020 is notably quick-witted and sarcastic, frequently making quips and pop-culture references in response to various stimuli.

Addendum: On-site tests show that physical contact with SCP-3020 triggers a sustained hypnotic state in humans. Individuals in the trance refer to SCP-3020 as "the queen of workers" and are compliant to her instructions to complete organizational and labour tasks. SCP-3020 demonstrates no awareness of this effect and has never intentionally used it for personal gain. Research is ongoing to discover the mechanism behind this ability.