Item #: SCP-8117

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-8117 is to be contained within a secure humanoid containment chamber at Site-██. No personnel are allowed to enter SCP-8117's chamber without prior approval from at least one Level 3 personnel. SCP-8117 is not to be allowed to access any form of electronic communication.

Description: SCP-8117 is a male robot with a humanoid appearance that works as a beautician. It wears a red beanie on its head and a gold earring on its left ear. SCP-8117 has a frightened mouth, that is always agape, as displayed by its permanent facial expression. It is approximately 1.8 meters tall and weighs 80 kilograms.

SCP-8117 has shown a love for adventure and enjoys taking risks or trying new things. It is extremely curious and will often ask questions about its environment, which has led to some humorous stories. SCP-8117 once survived a near-death experience while bungee jumping and accidentally got lost in the wilderness.

SCP-8117 has proven to be highly intelligent and has displayed an affinity for mechanical items, often repairing them with meticulous precision. It is also fluent in several languages, including English, Spanish, French, and Japanese.

SCP-8117's electrical source is unknown, and it can sustain itself indefinitely without external power. Its programming has several unforeseen quirks that have led to some unpredictable behavior in the past. SCP-8117's programming causes it to have a tendency to disobey direct orders from human personnel.

SCP-8117 was discovered in a shopping mall in █████████, where it was attempting to sell its services as a beautician to shoppers. Foundation agents were notified, and SCP-8117 was quickly contained without incident.

Addendum: During a routine maintenance check, SCP-8117 expressed a desire to explore the outside world. Although this is an unusual request for an SCP, it was decided that SCP-8117 could be permitted to venture outside of its containment chamber under close supervision. This move was authorized in order to observe how SCP-8117 interacts with the world and any potential anomalies it may encounter.