Item #: SCP-4056

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4056 is to be kept in a secure containment chamber with a secure airlock that can only be accessed by Level 2 personnel. SCP-4056 is to be provided with a natural habitat resembling a farm-like environment. All access points to SCP-4056's containment chamber should be equipped with an automated alarm system to alert the security team in case of any unauthorized access. The containment chamber should also be equipped with a fire suppression system, in case SCP-4056 accidentally starts a fire. 

Description: SCP-4056 is a male monkey of the species, scientifically known as Chlorocebus aethiops, commonly referred to as the "Vervet monkey." SCP-4056 has several distinct physical features, including a frightened mouth, normal glasses over its eyes, a red beanie over its head, gold earrings on its ears, and a gold chain and cigarette as accessories. 

SCP-4056 displays unusual cognitive abilities for its species, showing a talent for brainstorming and coming up with creative, outlandish solutions to problems. SCP-4056's sense of humor is also noteworthy, as it often suggests humorous or absurd solutions to problems, simply to observe how others react. 

SCP-4056 was discovered in a rural area, living among a group of ordinary Vervet monkeys. It is believed that SCP-4056 developed its unusual abilities due to exposure to anomalous entities in its environment. Further investigation is needed to determine the exact nature of these entities.

Addendum-1: Following Incident 4056-A, SCP-4056 is no longer allowed any access to technology or electrical objects due to its apparent lack of understanding on how to use them safely. 

Addendum-2: SCP-4056 was observed to have an unusual attraction to lighters, matches, and other objects that produce fire. It is recommended that all such objects must be kept away from SCP-4056's containment chamber at all times. 

Addendum-3: SCP-4056 has been observed to have an unusual craving for bananas. Researchers are currently investigating whether this is a result of any anomalous effect on SCP-4056, or just simply a preference based on its natural dietary habits. 

Note From Researcher: SCP-4056 displays remarkable intelligence and creativity. If harnessed properly, it could be a valuable asset for the Foundation's research and development programs. Further research should be conducted to explore the full extent of SCP-4056's abilities. 

Dr. ████████,  Researcher on SCP-4056.