Item #: SCP-9392

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-9392 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber at all times. Any attempts to bring other human or non-human entities into SCP-9392's chamber are strictly prohibited. SCP-9392 is not to be allowed access to any cosmetic equipment, products, or tools. All requests for such items must be denied.

Description: SCP-9392 appears to be a human woman of average height and weight. She exhibits unique features, including purple lips, rainbow LED eyes, and pig tails. The most notable feature of SCP-9392 is her red cross earring, which appears to be embedded into her earlobe. She wears a silver chain around her neck and carries a cigarette at all times.

SCP-9392 is a professional beautician with social and outgoing personality traits. She enjoys being the center of attention and often engages in humorous interactions with those around her. SCP-9392's jokes and stories have been observed to cause uncontrollable laughter in those exposed to them.

SCP-9392's anomalous properties have been observed when she is given access to cosmetic equipment, products, or tools. When SCP-9392 applies makeup or performs any cosmetic procedures on herself or others, her creations exhibit unusual and often hazardous properties. SCP-9392 has been observed to create lipstick that induces hallucinations, eyeliner that causes temporary blindness, and hair spray that ignites on contact with air. It is unknown how SCP-9392 is able to exert such control over the cosmetic products.

SCP-9392 was first brought to the attention of the Foundation after an incident in which several senior staff members were exposed to her dangerous cosmetic productions. Immediate containment and research on SCP-9392 was deemed necessary. As a result, SCP-9392 has been designated as Euclid-class.

Addendum: Due to SCP-9392's nature, containment procedures must be strictly enforced. Any item in SCP-9392's possession must be thoroughly examined and tested for potential anomalous properties before being allowed into her chamber. SCP-9392 is not to be allowed access to any cosmetic items. Any attempts to replicate SCP-9392's creations or exploit her abilities are strictly prohibited.