RECORD OF APPEARANCE

Item #: 3459

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3459 is to be monitored at all times by Foundation agents. They should refrain from having any direct or indirect contact with civilians while performing their job as a news anchor on the local news station.

SCP-3459 is to be provided a secluded area for their personal use. Any object or item that they may use must first be cleared by a Level 3 clearance and later be monitored for evidence of being anomalous.

In case of any abnormal behavior, SCP-3459 must be detained immediately for questioning and any memory-altering measures are to be applied if necessary.

Description: SCP-3459 is a Caucasian human male, believed to be in their mid-30s. Their physical appearance appears normal except for the following features on their face: orange stripes, red clown eyes, and a smile.

SCP-3459 always wears a hoodie and a red scarf along with their job and is often seen holding a cigarette. They exhibit behaviors that suggest an obsessive nature, indicating potential underlying psychological disorders, though this has not been confirmed through examination.

Their obsession with detail is unpredictable, ranging from alphabetizing their spice racks to color-coding their wardrobe. Any activity or behavior that stands out as abnormal must be reported immediately to Foundation agents.

SCP-3459 might have several anomalies that the Foundation has yet to discover or record in their extensive documentation. Extra caution must be taken while dealing with SCP-3459 and their potential anomalous properties.

Addendum 3459.I: The Order of Nine Angles

SCP-3459’s obsession with the “Order of Nine Angles” has recently been discovered. Further investigation is ongoing to determine the nature of this group and their involvement with SCP-3459. Agents are to look out for any potential anomalous activities related to said group. This could prove to have serious repercussions for both Foundation researchers and the public at large.