Item #: 9725

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-9725 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at all times, with appropriate ventilation and temperature conditions based on its biological needs. Access to SCP-9725 is restricted to Level 2 personnel or higher and should only occur under direct supervision of a security team. SCP-9725 is to be provided with books and magazines on medical topics and given medical duties commensurate with its abilities as a doctor to keep it calm and cooperative.

Description: SCP-9725 is a male Siberian Tiger with red clown eyes, exhibiting behavior consistent with a highly trained physician of human medicine. SCP-9725's physical condition is consistent with that of a human doctor, with notable features including green hair in a purple cap with a goggle on the forehead, an earring, and a silver chain with a whistle. SCP-9725 insists that it has no memory of its past as a wild animal and claims that it has always been a doctor, although its origins and how it became a doctor remain unknown.

SCP-9725 exhibits an obsessive attention to detail and organization, with a particular fixation on the arrangement of its medical equipment and workspace. SCP-9725 has been observed calling for its whistle fearfully at the slightest trace of disorder in its environment. This obsessive behavior appears to be a coping mechanism for its convoluted and distressing history.

SCP-9725's psychological state appears stable, but caution is advised in all interactions with it. SCP-9725 has the ability to inflict significant physical harm upon Foundation personnel, and is capable of using its medical knowledge to neutralize containment teams if it sees fit. SCP-9725 is often cooperative and has gone out of its way to help any injured or sick humans in the Foundations facilities, but remains a potential danger to personnel.

Addendum: SCP-9725 recently requested access to its own spice rack in its containment chamber, which was granted to it. Analysis of both the types and precise organization method used by SCP-9725 is ongoing.