Item #: SCP-6006

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6006 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell located within Site-19. Access to SCP-6006 must be granted only with Level 2 clearance and supervision by at least one armed security personnel at all times. SCP-6006 is allowed to smoke within its cell but must dispose of cigarette butts in the designated bin.

Description: SCP-6006 is a human female who identifies as a medical doctor. Her physical appearance is notable for orange stripes on her face and a pair of red clown eyes instead of the usual human iris. SCP-6006 also has a pair of goggles resting on her forehead and a red cross earring on her left ear. She is always seen carrying a lit cigarette.

SCP-6006's personality is characterized by a great sense of humor, often using humor to lighten the mood and make others laugh. Her antics may include telling funny stories or doing silly impersonations, which can sometimes be inappropriate for the situation. SCP-6006 is an outgoing individual with an optimistic outlook on life, and has been observed as unresponsive to stress or danger.

Addendum: Interview Log 6006-A

Interviewed: SCP-6006

Interviewer: Dr. ███████

Foreword: This interview was conducted to evaluate SCP-6006's mental status following a stress test.

<Begin Log>

Dr. ███████: Good morning, SCP-6006. How are you feeling today?

SCP-6006: I'm good, Doc! I mean, I'm surrounded by your lovely colleagues, what could go wrong?

Dr. ███████: Right. Now, we're going to talk about your behavior during the recent stress test. You were observed to be unusually calm.

SCP-6006: (laughs) Well, I'm always calm when I've got my lucky cigarette with me. It helps me focus on what's important.

Dr. ███████: Even when you were in danger?

SCP-6006: (pauses) Well, yeah. What's the point of freaking out? You gotta keep your head in the game, and if that means cracking a joke or two, I'm all for it.

Dr. ███████: SCP-6006, do you ever feel the need to act seriously?

SCP-6006: (shrugs) Sure, there's a time and place for everything. But life's too short to be all serious all the time, don't you agree, Doc?

<End Log>

Closing Statement: SCP-6006's cognitive functions are deemed to be within normal limits. SCP-6006 displays a positive mental attitude even in stressful conditions, which may be useful in difficult situations.