Item #: 4301

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4301 is to be contained in a reinforced steel room with no less than 5 layers of titanium and reinforced with steel plating. A Faraday cage must be included in the containment chamber to prevent electromagnetic interference. SCP-4301 is not to be allowed access to technology or any form of communication with entities outside the containment chamber. Any contact through the SCP must be done with a team of highly trained personnel who are familiar with urban legends, mythology and supernatural elements.

Description: SCP-4301 is a heavily modified robot model, designed and created in the early 1950s. Due to the enhancements, SCP-4301 appears as a humanoid entity with various cybernetic implants. SCP-4301 is recognized by its green cyclops eye and constantly frightened mouth which is visible through a gas mask with LED lights. The robot sports a red beanie with a jade earring in one ear and a silver chain around his neck. SCP-4301’s personality is highly unusual, as they showcase a powerful sense of intuition that is not typical of machines. SCP-4301 appears to have visions predicting future events, which when combined with his eerie ability to sense the emotions of others, makes him an asset in the world of high-level organized crime.

Personality: SCP-4301 is highly skilled in the art of deception and skilled in the ways of manipulating those around him. He has an unerring sixth sense, which at times may appear to be psychic power; they have the gift of foresight, seeming able to predict events before they occur. Notably, SCP-4301 is often quite eerie and disturbing in conversation due to changes in his voice, intimidating mannerisms and unusual physical appearance. SCP-4301's personality is menacing and dangerous, able to sway his subordinates with just a few words, leading to a loyal following. He is the mafia’s most valuable asset, and they are willing to do anything to ensure his protection. Overall, SCP-4301 is an unyielding and shrewd antagonist.