Item #: SCP-906

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-906 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-██. Personal communication devices are allowed, but all electronic equipment must be screened for any unauthorized modifications. Access to beauty equipment should be limited to standard staff use for hygiene and maintenance purposes only. SCP-906 is permitted to interact with human staff and other SCP subjects on a limited basis, but any social engagements must be approved by at least two Level 3 security personnel.

Description: SCP-906 is a female human of indeterminate age, currently working as a Beautician at a salon in █████████, ███████. Her most striking features are her purple lips and her vivid VR Jade LED eyes. SCP-906's hairstyle is a classic "witch short" bob, and she often wears lab goggles on her forehead.

SCP-906's personality is highly outgoing and social, often seeking attention and entertaining others with humorous anecdotes and jokes. However, SCP-906's jokes have been noted to cause severe fits of uncontrollable laughter in some individuals, with effects lasting for several hours. SCP-906 denies any knowledge of these effects and expresses no intent to cause harm.

SCP-906 has proven highly resistant to traditional amnestics and memetic agents, but testing has determined that her memory and perception abilities are otherwise nondescript. SCP-906 has shown no evidence of any paranormal ability or other anomalous effect, but given the highly unpredictable nature of her jokes, further testing is deemed necessary.

SCP-906 was discovered in ████████, ██, after local authorities reported a series of unexplained laughter outbreaks at the salon where she worked. Foundation agents posing as customers were able to interview SCP-906 before apprehending and containing her. No evidence of any anomalous activity was found at the salon.

Addendum: Dr. G. ██████ recommended further investigation into SCP-906's anomalous effects, and suggests a possible connection to SCP-███, whose own anomalous effect causes laughter and euphoria in affected subjects. Research into potential links between SCP-906 and other anomalous objects is ongoing.