Item #: SCP-2041

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2041 has been contained on-site at the [REDACTED] Central Train Station where she works as a train driver. All train cars have been modified to protect the passengers and crew from SCP-2041's anomalous effects. All personnel working with SCP-2041 are required to wear earplugs to prevent exposure to her auditory abilities. SCP-2041 is not to leave the train station unless given explicit permission by at least three Level 3 Personnel.

Description: SCP-2041 is a human female with orange stripes running down both sides of her face. She wears a purple cap with a headset and has a red cross earring on her left ear. Her most noticeable feature is the LED gas mask she wears at all times to help control her anomalous effects. SCP-2041 has been diagnosed with a rare condition known as Chrono-synclastic Infundibulum Disorder, which results in her experiencing time differently than normal humans.

SCP-2041's primary anomalous effect is her ability to influence the emotions of those around her through her voice. When SCP-2041 speaks, her voice has a compulsion effect that forces those around her to feel an overwhelming sense of joy and happiness. This effect is amplified when SCP-2041 tells stories or jokes, which can cause uncontrollable fits of laughter in those exposed to her voice.

SCP-2041 is aware of her anomalous abilities and has been cooperative with Foundation personnel. She has expressed a desire to use her powers for good and has been receptive to attempts to help her control her abilities. SCP-2041 has formed a bond with her fellow train workers and is well-liked by those who work with her.

Addendum: As of Incident Report [REDACTED], SCP-2041 has been restricted from operating trains in tunnels due to an incident where the anomalous effects of her voice caused a passenger to become disoriented and nearly resulted in a train collision. All train cars have been modified to isolate SCP-2041's area of operation and ventilation systems have been added to help contain her gas mask's emissions.