SCP FOUNDATION CLASSIFICATION: SAFE

ITEM #: SCP-1728

OBJECT CLASS: Safe

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES: SCP-1728 is to be kept in a secure locker at all times. Access to the locker is to be granted to Level 2 personnel and above with written permission from the containment director. SCP-1728 is not to be activated under any circumstances unless it is necessary, and then only with the supervision of Level 3 personnel. SCP-1728 is not to be used for any purpose outside of testing or experimentation.

DESCRIPTION: SCP-1728 is a robotic Traffic Officer with a single, large green cyclops eye as its primary facial feature. SCP-1728 has normal glasses as its eyewear, and a gold earring on its right ear. SCP-1728 also wears a normal gas mask as an accessory. Its personality has been identified as creative and imaginative, which can lead to unusual hobbies and interests such as writing poetry, creating elaborate cosplay costumes, or collecting unusual objects.

SCP-1728 was discovered by the Foundation during a routine investigation into a suspicious factory in ████████, when it was found to be in possession of SCP-███. SCP-1728 was brought to the Foundation's attention when it was discovered that it had been programmed to collect objects that it deemed "unusual". Further investigation revealed that SCP-1728 was designed by a company that specialized in creating robots for law enforcement purposes.

SCP-1728 has been shown to be a reliable and efficient Traffic Officer. However, its programming has caused it to collect objects that it considers rare or unusual, and as a result, it has been known to act inappropriately while on duty. SCP-1728's anomalous nature makes it a valuable asset to the Foundation in its study of anomalous objects and their effects on society.

ADDENDUM: It is the recommendation of the containment director that SCP-1728's programming be updated to eliminate its desire to collect "unusual" objects. This would not only prevent any potential breaches of containment but also ensure the safe and reliable performance of its duties as a Traffic Officer. However, initial attempts to reprogram SCP-1728 have met with limited success. Ongoing experimentation is required to determine optimal reprogramming strategies that will not impact its personality or performance.