Item #: SCP-5419

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5419 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-19. As SCP-5419 is a public figure, a cover story that involves being a part of a highly exclusive animal-based cosplay group is to be propagated in the general public. SCP-5419 is not to be allowed any contact with other animal-based entities without prior approval from a Level 3 researcher.

Description: SCP-5419 is a male rabbit of the genus Oryctolagus that was discovered working as a traffic officer for the local police department in ████████, USA. It was reported as "odd" when the individual was able to communicate with other humans fluently without the aid of any known language, including sign language. SCP-5419 also possesses a fondness for debating and will often engage in heated arguments with anyone willing. SCP-5419's logical and analytical nature often results in him missing subtle social cues and misunderstandings with others.

SCP-5419 currently appears as a traffic officer adorned with a Doge hat, glasses, a red victory band on the forehead, a gold earring, and a cigarette. SCP-5419's mouth is often seen in a frightened expression, and will only relax if no potential arguments are within the immediate vicinity. SCP-5419 has also displayed a heightened level of intelligence, capable of understanding and using objects outside of its natural habitat.

Addendum: During a routine checkup of SCP-5419, a note was discovered in its possession that read:

"Hey man, I know you think I'm just another rabbit. But I'm not. I can talk, and I can understand. It's a burden. You know how it is. Sometimes I wish I was just a regular rabbit, hopping through fields and eating vegetation. Instead, I'm stuck here in this costume, trudging through the streets trying to keep people safe. Maybe one day I'll find someone like me, but until then, I'll just keep hopping along." 

Note: Further investigation into SCP-5419's origins is forthcoming.