DOCUMENTATION - SCP Foundation:
Item#: SCP-8396
Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-8396 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber. No direct interaction is allowed with personnel, and all communications are to be done through an intercom system. Access to the containment chamber is limited to Level 2 personnel or higher with authorization of at least two Level 3 personnel.

Description: SCP-8396 is a male monkey identified as a car salesman. The specimen possesses a human-like appearance, with the exception of a frightened mouth feature. SCP-8396 has Virtual Reality Rainbow LED eyes and Jade Earring-shaped ears, as well as a Gold Chain accessory around its neck.

SCP-8396 exhibits a keen attention to detail, a trait that makes them an excellent gift giver. However, SCP-8396 can become overly concerned with giving the perfect gift and may spend a significant amount of time agonizing over what to give someone.

Interview Log:

Interviewer: Dr. █████████
Interviewee: SCP-8396

Dr. █████████: Can you tell me about your gift-giving process, SCP-8396? 

SCP-8396: (through intercom) It's all about the details, Doctor. It's not just about the gift itself, but how it's wrapped, presented, and the message behind the gift. I take great care to make sure everything is perfect.

Dr. █████████: Do you ever feel overwhelmed by the process?

SCP-8396: (pause) Yes, Doctor. It can be quite overwhelming at times. But the joy that comes from giving the perfect gift is worth it.

Dr. █████████: Do you have any preferred recipients for your gifts?

SCP-8396: (hesitant) Not necessarily, Doctor. I believe that all gifts should be chosen with care, regardless of the recipient.

Dr. █████████: Thank you, SCP-8396. That will be all for now.

Addendum: Due to SCP-8396's exceptional gift-giving abilities, requests have been submitted to utilize its services for Foundation gift exchanges during the holiday season. These requests have been denied due to the potential risks of direct interaction with SCP-8396.