Item #: SCP-3250

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3250 is currently contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-██. Due to the nature of the anomaly, electronic devices are not allowed within SCP-3250's containment cell, as it may cause emotional distress. Any books or educational materials provided to SCP-3250 should be carefully screened before being allowed for consumption.

Description: SCP-3250 is a male rabbit humanoid who identifies as a farmer. SCP-3250 possesses a frightened mouth expression and was observed using normal glasses. Its head hair is green, disheveled, and not arranged. SCP-3250 appears to be wearing a goggle on its forehead, gold earring on right ear and carrying with a cigarette.

SCP-3250's primary anomaly is a thirst for knowledge, and often spends a significant amount of time reading or researching obscure topics that it finds interesting. SCP-3250 may enjoy collecting books, documentaries, or other educational materials, and can be quite passionate about sharing their newfound knowledge with others.

SCP-3250 exhibits a strong desire to educate and inform others, often going to great lengths to do so. Its passion for knowledge has led to a few incidents of breaching containment in an attempt to spread information to civilians. It is recommended that personnel communicate with SCP-3250 on a regular basis to prevent any further containment breaches.

Addendum: SCP-3250 has shown remarkable ability to adapt to new environments and situations. Initial interviews demonstrated that SCP-3250 is cooperative and able to follow commands, as long as they align with its interests. SCP-3250 is also hospitable, and enjoys preparing meals for staff that provide it with interesting information.

SCP-3250 was recovered in ████ after local authorities received multiple reports of a talking rabbit reading books and distributing flyers regarding obscure knowledge topics. SCP Foundation agents were able to successfully contain SCP-3250 without incident.