Item #: SCP-7644

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7644 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber in Site-██. The chamber is to be furnished with books, movies, and other entertainment sources of its choice.

SCP-7644 is permitted social visits from other staff members and is encouraged to have regular psychological evaluations.

Description: SCP-7644 is a human male of American ethnicity. The subject possesses a blue bandana on its head and a gold earring on its left ear. SCP-7644 is consistently found wearing its signature silver chain around its neck and carrying a candy stick in its pocket.

SCP-7644 has been classified as safe due to its lack of anomalous abilities. However, its personality has been noted to be erratic and impulsive. They often display erratic behavior that can surprise others around them. SCP-7644 has a tendency to act on its emotions without thinking through the consequences, leading to situations that are often humorous.

SCP-7644 is known to be the theater manager for a local theater in the city of [REDACTED]. Although the subject has been observed performing mundane tasks, such as scheduling shows and managing the theater, it has been noted that SCP-7644 has a keen interest in the arts and has an excellent understanding of theater mechanics.

SCP-7644 has expressed interest in participating in the Foundation's efforts to seek anomalous entertainment sources. However, given its unpredictable nature, the Foundation's research team has deemed it necessary to limit SCP-7644's involvement in these activities.

Addendum: During a routine physical exam, it was discovered that SCP-7644 had a condition known as Level-4 Anomalous Memetic Resistance. Although not an anomalous ability, it has been discovered that SCP-7644 is highly resistant to a wide range of memetic hazards, thus posing a potential benefit to the Foundation's research endeavors. Further study on SCP-7644's resistance is currently ongoing.