Item #: 6675

Object Class: Humanoid/Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures: The subject, identified as 6675, is to be monitored at all times. Any change in behavior or condition is to be immediately reported. Should 6675 attempt to leave or resign from her job, a team of Foundation agents will be dispatched to bring her back or retrieve any relevant information. All interactions with 6675 are to be conducted in the presence of at least two security personnel. 

Description: Subject 6675 is a humanoid female of the species known as human. She is commonly seen wearing a purple cap with a headset, gold earrings, a gold chain, and red clown eyes. The most notable feature of her face is her purple lips. Upon initial observation, 6675 appears to be a Fast Food Worker. However, she has exhibited natural talent for leadership and has been seen taking charge of situations. This trait is present both at work, in social groups, and in her personal life. 

When asked about her abilities, 6675 has provided limited information. She claims that she is able to "sense" when people need direction and is naturally drawn to lead. How she acquires this sense is currently unknown. She has displayed a calm and professional demeanor when interacting with others. However, her leadership abilities seem to heighten when dealing with those who exhibit negative behavior. 

Addendum 6675-A: Incident Report. On [REDACTED], 6675 left her job without prior notice. She was later found leading a group of individuals who referred to her as their new leader. These individuals were known members of a cult-like group that had previously evaded Foundation capture. When approached by Foundation agents, subject 6675 was aggressive and combative. Upon capture, she displayed abilities beyond what was previously observed. She was able to manipulate the minds of her followers to the point that they were willing to cause themselves harm for her benefit. 

Consequently, it has been determined that while 6675 appears to be mundane, she poses a significant threat to containment if allowed to operate outside of Foundation jurisdiction. It is recommended that she remains in custody and be considered a Thaumiel class entity.