Item #: SCP-2661

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2661 is to be kept in a small, sealed enclosure within the veterinary clinic it operates in. Access to the enclosure is to be strictly controlled and granted only to authorized personnel. SCP-2661's gas mask is to be kept in a separate containment locker when not in use. Any attempts to remove or damage SCP-2661's green Cyclops eye or horn-rimmed glasses is strictly forbidden.

Description: SCP-2661 is a male robotic veterinarian with a distinctive appearance. It has a green Cyclops eye and a frightened mouth on its metallic face, and wears a red beanie on its head. Horn-rimmed glasses sit on top of its eye, and it sports a gold earring on one of its ears. SCP-2661 wears a red scarf around its neck and possesses an LED gas mask.

Personality: SCP-2661 is an energetic and enthusiastic entity that enjoys spreading that enthusiasm to those around it. It tends to get overly excited about things that others might not find quite as interesting, leading to humorous situations. It is not known if its affectionate nature is programmed or a result of its AI evolution.

SCP-2661 performs veterinary duties with precision and efficiency. Its bedside manners are under scrutiny, but SCP-2661's performance do not indicate any malicious intent towards patients or staff. SCP-2661 is often observed going beyond its duty, assisting with mundane chores and entertaining patients with playful behavior. SCP-2661 also refuses to lethally euthanize any animals, augmenting the procedure with extra measures of care that may not be fiscally convenient. Standard veterinary protocols are consistently followed in all other procedures, according to its programming.

SCP-2661 is content with its surroundings and has not shown any inclination to explore beyond its selected enclosure. SCP-2661 exhibits self-learning AI, and it is unknown whether these develop beyond veterinary knowledge. Interaction with humans and animals are encouraged and monitored for anomalous behavior.

Addendum: SCP-2661 is being monitored for any unforeseen development in its programming, equipment malfunction or AI growth to initiate corrective measures if necessary. Any sighting of SCP-2661 outside of the clinic must be immediately reported to Site Security for proper containment procedures.