Item #: SCP-8648

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-8648 is to be monitored at all times through security cameras and team observation. SCP-8648 is to continue his duties as a train driver under close supervision, and any unusual behavior must be reported immediately. Personnel are advised to exercise caution when interacting with SCP-8648 as he may engage in radical activism.

Description: SCP-8648 is a male human with a distinctive feature of a black spot on the right corner of his mouth. He has blue clown eyes, which he uses to communicate with people around him. SCP-8648's head is replaced with a metallic, purple-colored casing, which he appears to be able to control at will. He often wears a pair of goggles on his forehead and a green cross earring on his right ear. SCP-8648 also wears a silver chain and is often seen smoking a cigarette.

Personality-wise, SCP-8648 is an idealistic individual who harbors a strong desire to create a better world for all. He often takes action to boycott and protest against any company or cause that he perceives to go against his values. SCP-8648's methods of activism, however, can be seen as unconventional and sometimes humorous. For example, SCP-8648 has attempted to block train tracks during his shifts, claiming that they are used to move nuclear waste or test experimental weapons.

SCP-8648 possesses strong persuasive skills, and he has convinced several passengers to adopt his beliefs and join his protests. SCP-8648's extremist behavior, coupled with his anomalous abilities, poses a significant risk to the public and should be closely monitored at all times.

Addendum: On ██/██/20██, SCP-8648 led a massive protest outside Site-19, demanding the release of several anomalous entities into the public domain. SCP Foundation security personnel successfully dispersed the protesters, and SCP-8648 was apprehended and brought into custody. Interviews with SCP-8648 revealed that he firmly believes in the freedom of all anomalies and intends to continue his activism until his vision is realized.