Item #: SCP-3975

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3975 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber. The subject is to be allowed access to a computer for a maximum of six (6) hours per day, under close supervision. Any requests for more than six hours of computer access must be approved by at least two Level 3 personnel. SCP-3975 is not to be allowed to communicate with any personnel outside of its containment without approval from at least two Level 4 personnel.

Description: SCP-3975 is a human male, approximately 32 years old, standing at 5'9" and weighing approximately 165 pounds. SCP-3975's distinctive features include a series of dark spots on his face, blue clown-like eyes, and a bucket hat worn on his head. The subject also wears a gold earring through one ear and a medical mask at all times.

SCP-3975 has been identified as a skilled programmer, with a particular affinity for coding languages such as Python and Java. The subject possesses a high level of intelligence and has demonstrated an ability to teach himself new skills quickly. However, SCP-3975 has also been observed to display a strong sense of independence and rebellion, which has caused issues in his professional and personal life.

SCP-3975's rebellious behavior has included sneaking out of the office early, taking unauthorized days off, and engaging in projects that are not approved by his superiors. While this behavior has not resulted in any harm to himself or others, it has caused concern among his colleagues due to its potential to disrupt the workplace.

SCP-3975 was brought to the attention of the Foundation after his programming skills were used to create a self-modifying piece of malware that caused significant damage to several prominent websites. Following the incident, SCP-3975 was apprehended by Foundation personnel and placed into containment.

Addendum: SCP-3975 has been observed engaging in conversations with an unidentified entity that appears to have the ability to communicate with SCP-3975 through his computer. Further investigation is ongoing, and additional security measures may need to be put in place to prevent any potential breaches of containment.