Item #: 6313

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: Subject 6313 is to be monitored at all times by staff designated by the Foundation to ensure that it does not leave its designated area. Any attempts by 6313 to leave its area must be prevented, and any attempts to treat it like a regular monkey must be met with disciplinary measures. 6313 is to be fed three times a day, and any interactions with it must be limited to solely interaction for research purposes. 

Description: 6313 is a male monkey with green fur and a frightened expression. Its most notable facial feature is a mouth that appears permanently open in fear. 6313 wears goggles on its forehead, which are believed to have been put there by its former owner. It is also regularly seen wearing a red scarf, claimed to have been given to it by a former mate. It is highly recommended that caution is exercised when around 6313, as it has been observed to be highly reactive and unpredictable when feeling cornered or threatened. 

6313 is capable of acquiring new knowledge quickly and can speak in a highly articulate manner, which is unusual for a primate, even when provided with communication training. This leads the Foundation to believe an anomalous element is present in 6313, marked by its high intelligence and confrontation nature. 

Personality: 6313 has a strong sense of duty and responsibility, which is presumed to come from its former life as a highly successful corporate dispute lawyer. It is known to be highly productive, taking on more tasks than it can realistically complete, similar to its former life, resulting in humorous situations. Despite its highly competitive nature, 6313 is highly cooperative with those working alongside it, out of what is believed to be a desire to be seen as part of a team. 

Addendum: Due to the highly intelligent nature of 6313, its transfer has been authorized to site ███████. This is to facilitate research into the anomalous nature of this object that has caught the attention of our superior management. We hope to update this file accordingly with the conclusions of this research.