Item #: SCP-9199

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-9199 is currently contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-██. It is to be provided with a daily supply of fruits and nuts as is typical for its species. Physical interaction with SCP-9199 by Foundation personnel is strictly prohibited.

Description: SCP-9199 is a male Monkey, approximately 1.2 meters in height with blue clown eyes and a distinctive Jade earring in its left ear. It dresses in a blue suit, accessorized with a silver chain and is frequently observed smoking a cigarette. SCP-9199's behavior is largely unpredictable, switching from mild to aggressive in a matter of seconds.

SCP-9199 possesses a natural charm and charisma that when exhibited, instantly captivates those around it. This ability extends to humans, who upon contact with SCP-9199, become infatuated and willing to fulfill its every wish. This compulsion is believed to be the result of SCP-9199's supernatural manipulation of the brain's pleasure receptors.

When interacting with humans, SCP-9199 will often perform humorous acts such as telling jokes or doing silly dances to make others laugh. In the most extreme cases, individuals have succumbed to SCP-9199's charm and willingly given it their entire life savings, although Foundation intervention has prevented this from occurring on any significant scale.

It is theorized that SCP-9199's abilities have enabled it to work as a successful banker, granting it access not only to personal wealth but those of its clients as well. As such, SCP-9199 should be considered a significant financial threat to Foundation assets.

Addendum 9199-A: The following is an interview with SCP-9199 following its initial containment.

Interviewer: Dr. █████████

Dr. █████████: SCP-9199, can you tell us your name?

SCP-9199: [Chuckles] I go by many names, Doc. But let's keep it simple, call me Max.

Dr. █████████: Alright then, Max, what can you tell us about your abilities?

SCP-9199: [Shrugs] Same as always. I can make people happy, excited, feel good all over. What can I say, it's a gift.

Dr. █████████: And your work as a banker, how did that come about?

SCP-9199: [Smirks] How else? I talked my way in and once I proved I was good for business, they couldn't resist. People just love having me around.

Dr. █████████: And what do you want from us, Max?

SCP-9199: [Grins] Same as always, Doc. Some good conversation, good food and drink, and maybe a smoke. Or two.

Dr. █████████: [Sighs] That isn't going to happen, Max. You know the rules.

SCP-9199: [Shrugs] Rules...who needs them? They're meant to be broken after all. 

[End Log]

SCP-9199 continues to exhibit a disregard for Foundation protocol and the consequences of its actions. Researchers are urged to maintain caution when handling SCP-9199, as its abilities pose a significant threat to the continued operation of the Foundation.