Item #: SCP-1788

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1788 is to be contained in a hermetically sealed enclosure at all times, as per its high risk of transmitting pathogens to human subjects. Provisions may be given to SCP-1788 in order to maintain its good health and quality of life. Any experimental contact with SCP-1788 must be approved by at least two Level 3 personnel.

Description: SCP-1788 appears to be a small, baby-faced monkey with a thick pale coat of fur, stand approximately 3 feet tall on it hind limbs. SCP-1788 displays unusually long and nimble fingers useful both for climbing and hand-made tools. Its eyes are covered with ski goggles, and its head is adorned with a bucket hat; with an additional gold earring adorns its left earlobes. SCP-1788 is often seen wearing a gold chain and a whistle as adornments. 

SCP-1788 has been identified to be of the species Macaca fuscata (Japanese macaque), but several tests have proven significant genetic abnormalities in its genome. It is believed that its unusual appearance stems from many years of active experiments as a "lab monkey"; however, the origin of its anomalous abilities still remained unknown.

SCP-1788 displays a dry and stoic sense of humor, unexpected of its species (or any species of animal, for that matter). It often delivers deadpan jokes that leave observers uncertain if it was genuinely humorous or not. SCP-1788 appears to be of above-average intelligence, with the ability to generate and execute complex plans and make tools - producing a tool belt made of shredded clothing during an observation. 

Tests conducted upon SCP-1788's mental health indicate that it appears to be free of any psychological disorder. However, the lack of a baseline for its natural behaviors in the wild makes it difficult for such assertions. SCP-1788 expresses clear feelings of boredom and yearning for socialization.

Addendum 1788-01: Security footage captured SCP-1788 attempting to pick the lock of its enclosure with a tool crafted from a bent paper clip. SCP-1788 was quickly put back into containment, and additional precautions have been added to its enclosure.