Item #: SCP-2751

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2751's workplace is to be monitored at all times by security personnel posing as regular customers. SCP-2751 is to be kept unaware of their containment and must be allowed to continue their daily routine uninterrupted. Any anomalies observed are to be reported immediately to the Site Director.

Description: SCP-2751 is a human female, currently employed as a fast food worker at a local fast-food chain. SCP-2751 is distinguishable by their unique physical features, including orange stripes on their face and purple lips. Additionally, SCP-2751 has a pink rabbit head, red cross earrings on their ears, and wears a medical mask over their mouth.

SCP-2751 can be described as an absent-minded individual and has a tendency to forget appointments and important events. This forgetfulness may be related to their heightened sense of creativity, as SCP-2751 has been known to lose track of time while working on various projects.

SCP-2751 is mostly cooperative with Foundation personnel, although they are completely unaware of their anomalous nature. SCP-2751 has expressed a desire to pursue a career in the arts and has shown a willingness to collaborate on various projects.

Addendum:

Interview Log:

Interviewer: Dr. ███████
Interviewee: SCP-2751

Dr. ███████: Good morning, SCP-2751. How are you doing today?

SCP-2751: Good morning! I'm doing great! Just trying to finish up some sketches for a project I'm working on.

Dr. ███████: Ah, yes. Let's talk about your work for a moment. You seem to have a very unique style. Where do you draw inspiration from?

SCP-2751: Oh, I draw inspiration from all sorts of things! Sometimes it's just a dream I had, or something I saw on the street. I think any little thing can spark an idea.

Dr. ███████: Have you ever considered pursuing a career as an artist?

SCP-2751: Yes, that's actually my goal! I would love to have my own Art Gallery one day.

Dr. ███████: Very admirable. Well, I think that's all the questions I have for you today. Thank you for your time, SCP-2751.

SCP-2751: Thanks for talking with me!