Item #: SCP-4708

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-4708 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber, with a minimum of two armed guards stationed outside at all times. SCP-4708 is to have access to basic facilities such as a bathroom and shower, but all personal items must be subject to inspection and approval before being brought into the chamber.

Description: SCP-4708 is a female human of indeterminate age, with spotted facial features and red lips. The subject's eyes are a bright blue color that resembles clown makeup. SCP-4708 often wears a tiara on her head and a choker around her neck, and is frequently seen with a pair of goggles resting on her forehead.

The subject is known to be a firefighter, and has the physical strength and endurance associated with that profession. Additionally, SCP-4708 is capable of manipulating flames to an extent that is currently under investigation. It is unknown whether this ability is related to the subject's anomalous properties or simply a result of training and experience.

SCP-4708 has a dry and sometimes sarcastic sense of humor, which can catch people off guard. Although the subject does not consider themselves to be the life of the party, they have a way of delivering deadpan jokes that can be surprisingly funny. SCP-4708 is generally cooperative with Foundation personnel, but can be uncommunicative or distant at times.

In addition to the goggles worn on her forehead, SCP-4708 frequently dons a LED gas mask. This accessory is believed to be linked to the subject's flame manipulation abilities and is currently being studied by Foundation scientists.

Addendum: Following Incident 4708-A, it has been determined that SCP-4708's anomalous properties make her a potential threat to containment. As such, additional measures are being implemented to prevent any unauthorized use of the subject's abilities. Any personnel found to be aiding SCP-4708 in escaping containment or utilizing her abilities without proper authorization will be subject to disciplinary action.