Containment Procedures:
SCP-3895 is to be kept in a secure exhibit within an enclosed habitat at all times. Any personnel entering the exhibit must be accompanied by at least two armed agents due to the potentially lethal nature of SCP-3895. Under no circumstances should SCP-3895 ever be allowed to leave its exhibit, except for medical emergencies, in which case restraints must be used in order to prevent any violent outbursts.

Description:
SCP-3895 is a male tiger who currently works as a beautician in an undisclosed location. They are often seen wearing a bucket hat paired with a gold earring and a thick gold chain around their neck. SCP-3895 has demonstrated an incredibly dry sense of humor that takes most people by surprise. Despite preferring not to be the center of attention, they have an uncanny ability to deliver deadpan jokes that often leave their audience in stitches.

SCP-3895 has displayed an intense aversion to any form of captivity, leading them to lash out violently when they feel threatened or constrained. This hostility towards confinement may be a result of their highly territorial nature, as tigers are naturally solitary animals who fiercely guard their personal space.

Personality:
SCP-3895 is highly intelligent and perceptive, using their wit and charm to distract from their unpredictable behavior. They are fiercely independent and have a tendency to act impulsively, ignoring the consequences of their actions. SCP-3895 is highly protective of their personal space and can become violent if they feel threatened or cornered.

SCP-3895 is highly skilled in their profession as a beautician, regularly receiving numerous accolades for their work. Their natural charisma often draws in a large client base, but they prefer to keep their work separate from their personal life, leading a largely solitary existence outside of the salon.

Addendum:
Despite SCP-3895's hostile tendencies, they have shown a softer side when interacting with certain individuals they deem non-threatening. A bond has been observed to form between SCP-3895 and one particular agent who frequently interacts with them during feeding and care sessions. These interactions have led to a reduction in SCP-3895's overall hostility and a slight improvement in their general demeanor. Further studies are needed to determine the extent of SCP-3895's capacity for emotional attachment.