Item #: SCP-5622

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-5622 is currently employed as a banker in a local branch. It must be monitored by agents on a regular basis to ensure that its abilities are not being used to harm others. SCP-5622 is allowed to live a normal life as long as it does not endanger the safety of civilians. Any instances of abnormal behavior must be reported immediately to the nearest Foundation agent.

Description: SCP-5622 is a humanoid entity of the Homo sapiens species with orange stripes on its face and purple lips. Its head is metal blue in color and features a two-color band on its forehead. SCP-5622 is also known to wear a green cross earring and a choker. It always carries a gas mask around as an accessory, which serves as a means of protecting itself from environmental hazards.

SCP-5622 is quite outgoing and sociable and tends to enjoy being the center of attention. Although its presence may initially be overwhelming, SCP-5622 is non-threatening and interacts well with humans. It has a great sense of humor and enjoys telling jokes and stories. On some occasions, SCP-5622’s stories are so funny that listeners cannot stop laughing, leading to minor disturbances in public places.

SCP-5622’s abilities have not been fully understood, but it has demonstrated the ability to manipulate financial transactions with its mind. It has also displayed psychokinetic powers, as it is capable of tearing apart objects using telekinesis when threatened. SCP-5622 has not shown any hostile behavior so far, but it must be monitored closely to ensure its abilities are not misused.

Addendum: During interview 5622-01, SCP-5622 claimed that it acquired its abilities through a strange experiment that it underwent while young. It had no other information on the experiment or the individuals behind it. SCP-5622 has been cooperative and has provided no evidence of lying or deception during interviews. Further investigation is warranted to obtain more information on SCP-5622’s anomalous abilities.