Item #: SCP-8854

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-8854 is to be kept in a standard containment chamber lined with reinforced steel walls and fitted with a ventilation system to provide ample air circulation. All personnel entering SCP-8854’s chamber must wear tigerskin-scented cologne to avoid aggression, with no more than two people in the chamber at any given time.

Description: SCP-8854 is a sapient male tiger who wears a medical mask to prevent infection and a doge hat along with normal glasses. SCP-8854 is employed as a fast food worker, and has managed to integrate into human society without drawing suspicion. SCP-8854's behaviour is largely harmless and is cooperative with Foundation personnel, although undersocialization has led to infrequent aggressive behaviour. SCP-8854's most noteworthy feature is his tendency to be lost in thought, leading them to be unaware of their surroundings and to stumble upon various objects.

Personality: SCP-8854 is an introverted individual who spends much of its time musing on various subjects, occasionally vocalizing them which has led to several peculiar incidents during its employment at fast-food restaurants. SCP-8854 has a passive disposition, only becoming aggressive when provoked or when the situation is conducive to an attempt at escape.

Addendum 1: Subject is frequently observed staring at its reflection, occasionally murmuring incomprehensible phrases while maintaining eye contact. This behavior is largely harmless and provides valuable insight into SCP-8854's psyche. SCP-8854 has also shown interest in Foundation personnel, asking about their interests and experiences in an attempt to satisfy its curiosity.

Addendum 2: Following a routine checkup, it was discovered that SCP-8854 has mild pulmonary fibrosis, likely due to years of exposure to cigarette smoke due to his work environment. As a result, screening measures have been put in place for the current as well as any future employees. SCP-8854 has been administered daily steroid shots to manage its condition, although its long-term survival prospects are uncertain.