Item #: 6809

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: Subject 6809, also known as "The Programmer," is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at all times. Adequate food and water supplies are to be provided according to his dietary requirements.

Any contact with subject 6809 must be approved by at least one Level 3 personnel. Interactions with subject 6809 must be closely monitored, especially during recreational periods when he may become overly exuberant and possibly dangerous. 

Description: Subject 6809 is a male tiger species, appearing with green hair in purple cap and red cross earring, adorns two color bands on his forehead and horned rim glasses to cover his eyes. 

Subject 6809's behavior, at times, appears to be eccentric, with the subject often playing practical jokes on personnel or showing unexpected facets of his personality. While highly intelligent, his behavior can at times be unexpected due to his spontaneous and impulsive nature. 

His attitude and behaviors have been characterized as highly responsible and dutiful, however, he also knows how to let his hair down and engage in playful, fun behavior. When given the opportunity, Subject 6809 has exhibited a talent for music, frequently making attempts to entertain those around him, often with humorous results.

Despite limited attempts to breach containment, Subject 6809 has expressed no desire to escape and seems content with his current situation. He has shown a strong sense of loyalty to the researchers and foundation personnel, as well as a willingness to assist with any request. 

Addendum: Due to Subject 6809's unpredictable nature and potential ability to manipulate the human mind, all research conducted with subject 6809 must be approved by at least one Level 3 researcher. Failure to follow this protocol may result in disciplinary action. Further research is required to fully understand the extent of Subject 6809's abilities and potential threat to the foundation.