Item #: SCP-6359

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6359 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment chamber. They are to be provided with necessary resources to carry out their veterinary duties at the onsite clinic. Any visitors interacting with SCP-6359 must be approved by Level 3 personnel and are to be supervised at all times.

Description: SCP-6359 is a female human of average height and weight. Their most prominent physical features include orange stripes on their face, red clown eyes, and blonde hair with a single wing. They also wear a red cross earring and a gold chain as accessories.

SCP-6359's personality is characterized by their sharp wit, sarcastic humor, and love for debate. They enjoy engaging in discussions and playful arguments with friends and family members for fun. However, SCP-6359 is also known to have a strong sense of justice and will stand up for what they believe is right.

SCP-6359 has an occupation as a veterinarian outside of Foundation custody. They have a particular talent for communicating with animals and developing a bond with them, leading to a high success rate in treating animal patients. SCP-6359 also possesses medical knowledge beyond their profession, making them a valuable asset in the Foundation's medical research department.

SCP-6359 was brought to the Foundation's attention after reports of strange behavior from their animal patients. In some instances, the animals appeared to have been "healed" by SCP-6359 despite showing no signs of recovery from their illnesses. Further investigation revealed SCP-6359's anomalous abilities to communicate with and influence animals.

Addendum: Interviews with SCP-6359 reveal that they are aware of their anomalous abilities but have no knowledge of other anomalies. They have expressed a desire to help the Foundation in any way they can to protect animals and humans alike. SCP-6359's cooperation and positive attitude make them a valuable asset in containing and studying other anomalies.