Item #: 1476

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1476 is to be contained in a standard humanoid enclosure with appropriate adjustments made to accommodate for their simian features. SCP-1476 should be provided with tools and materials appropriate for their profession as a beautician, but all tools should be inspected for any possible alterations that may aid in SCP-1476's escape. SCP-1476 should be monitored carefully to avoid any possible manifestations of their apparent psychic abilities.

Description: SCP-1476 is a male monkey specimen of unknown origin. SCP-1476 has an unusual appearance with its ski goggle eyes and headset with LED lights on the head, combined with its red scarf accessory. SCP-1476's intelligence far surpasses that of any normal monkey, with its skill set focusing on the beautician profession. SCP-1476's ability to sense and predict future events has been noted in various observational reports, although this ability has never been fully substantiated.

SCP-1476 is a cheerful character, always eager to engage with visitors of all types, especially through their intuitive abilities that can be impressive or intimidating. SCP-1476 is often seen arranging items in their enclosure, and in this state, it has shown exceptional creativity and focus, displaying a determination to create a perfect setting.

SCP-1476 is always eager to use its expertise to help others, but has a noticeable tendency to make its own predictions without consulting with others. SCP-1476's accuracy in its predictions varies from situation to situation, and its methods of sensing upcoming events are unknown.

Addendum: Incident #1476-A

On ██/██/██, during routine observation, SCP-1476 appeared to have an emotional outburst where it started projecting images of past and future events. Footage showed SCP-1476 shaking itself and engaging in an unintelligible conversation with an unknown voice. While no harm was done, the incident showed that SCP-1476's abilities may be more powerful than previously thought.

Further testing and observation is required to determine the true extent and potential of SCP-1476's psychic abilities.