Item #: SCP-1369

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1369 is to be kept in a secure containment unit at all times. Personnel are not allowed to interact with SCP-1369 under any circumstances, as it has been known to exhibit unpredictable behavior. Any attempts at communication with SCP-1369 should only be done remotely, and with extreme caution.

Description: SCP-1369 is a male monkey with band markings of two different colors on its forehead, and a pair of goggles that seem to be permanently affixed to its forehead. Despite its seemingly docile appearance, SCP-1369 has demonstrated a range of abilities that classify it as a Keter-class entity, including clairvoyance and telepathy. SCP-1369 possesses a strong sense of intuition that allows it to predict events before they happen, and it has been known to sense emotional states in those around it.

SCP-1369 was recovered from an abandoned freight train that had been left near the outskirts of a major metropolitan area. It is believed that SCP-1369 was somehow able to access the train and operate it, though how it was able to do so remains unknown.

Personality: SCP-1369's personality is best described as enigmatic. While it seems to possess a degree of intelligence and cognitive awareness, it has exhibited behavior that suggests it is not entirely of this world. Personnel who have interacted with SCP-1369 report feelings of unease and disquiet, indicating that there may be something about SCP-1369 that causes individuals to be unnerved.

Addendum: Recently, it was discovered that SCP-1369 had been using its abilities to predict catastrophic events around the world. This information was shared with Foundation personnel, who were able to take preventative measures to minimize damage and loss of life. While SCP-1369's motives remain unclear, it is clear that it poses a serious threat to the safety and stability of the world at large, and as such, containment protocols must remain in place at all times.