Item #: SCP-3442

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-3442 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment cell. Due to her occupation as a fast food worker, SCP-3442's employment is to be monitored to ensure that she does not acquire knowledge or resources that could potentially compromise containment. Any instances of psychic abilities or premonitions must be reported to the Site Director immediately for further study.

Description: SCP-3442 is a human female with prominent spots and red lips on her 00s schoolgirl appearance. Her eyes are light orange, and she wears a gold earring accessory. SCP-3442 also wears a medical mask for unknown reasons, and has a gold chain that she often fidgets with.

SCP-3442 possesses a strong sense of intuition and premonition. She has demonstrated the ability to predict events before they occur, often with an eerie accuracy. SCP-3442 can also sense emotional states in others, particularly when someone is feeling upset or anxious. These abilities have not been fully understood, and further study is required.

Personality-wise, SCP-3442 is initially polite and accommodating, but can be aloof and distant. Her premonitions sometimes cause her to appear detached or distracted, as if she is constantly observing unknown phenomena. She has displayed a mild interest in Foundation activities, often asking about containment protocols and research areas.

Addendum: Interview Log 3442-1

Interviewer: Dr. ██████

SCP-3442: (sits down)

Dr. ██████: Good afternoon, SCP-3442. How are you feeling today?

SCP-3442: I feel fine, thank you.

Dr. ██████: Can you tell me about your abilities? How do you sense things before they happen?

SCP-3442: It's hard to explain. Sometimes I just get a feeling, like a tingling sensation. Other times, I see images or flashes of events in my mind. It's like watching a movie, but it hasn't happened yet.

Dr. ██████: Have you always had this ability?

SCP-3442: Yes, for as long as I can remember. It used to scare me when I was younger, but now I've learned to live with it.

Dr. ██████: Interesting. Can you describe a recent premonition you had?

SCP-3442: (pauses) I had a dream a few nights ago. I was in a dark room, with someone else there. I couldn't see their face, but I knew they were in danger. When I woke up, I had a feeling that something bad was going to happen.

Dr. ██████: And did it?

SCP-3442: I don't know. I haven't heard anything on the news, but that doesn't mean it didn't happen.

Dr. ██████: Thank you, SCP-3442. That will be all for today.

Closing Statement: SCP-3442 remains a fascinating subject, and her abilities have yet to be fully explored. Upcoming experiments will focus on determining the limits and extent of her premonition abilities.