Item #: 8609

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-8609 is to be kept under constant surveillance at Site-██. Any and all entrances to SCP-8609's current workplace are to be secured and monitored at all times. SCP-8609 is to be prohibited from accessing any communication lines or internet-connected devices.

Description: SCP-8609 is a human male, aged 32, standing at 1.8 meters tall. Their face is marked with prominent orange stripes, and they often appear with a frightened expression on their mouth. SCP-8609 is usually seen wearing a short peak cap and a medical mask covering their mouth, and has a green cross earring on their right ear. They also have a goggle on their forehead and a gold chain accessory around their neck.

SCP-8609 is an idealistic individual, and are extremely passionate about making the world a better place. They often express their desire through more unconventional methods such as protesting or boycotting an entity or company that goes against their values. SCP-8609's idealism has caused some difficulties when communicating with the Foundation, as they strongly disagree with some of the containment methods that have been used.

SCP-8609's current occupation is that of a security guard for a prominent technology firm. It is believed that they may have access to sensitive information, and thus heightened surveillance is deemed necessary. Further research into SCP-8609's involvement with other groups or organizations is currently ongoing.

Addendum:

Interview Log 8609-A:

Interviewed: SCP-8609

Interviewer: Dr. █████

Foreword: Dr. █████ attempts to evaluate SCP-8609's mindset and level of cooperation.

Dr. █████: Good morning, SCP-8609. How are you feeling today?

SCP-8609: (sounding agitated) How do you think? Being locked up like some kind of criminal?

Dr. █████: We are simply taking precautions to ensure that-

SCP-8609: (interrupting) To ensure that what? That I don't go against your precious protocol? I won't be silenced, you know.

Dr. █████: And why is that?

SCP-8609: (sighs) Because someone needs to speak up. Someone needs to take a stand for what's right, no matter the cost.

Dr. █████: I see. So, do you have any information that you would like to share with us?

SCP-8609: (pauses, then shakes head) Nothing that concerns you. You wouldn't understand anyways.

Dr. █████: (noting SCP-8609's reluctance to cooperate) Very well, I think that will be all for today.

Closing Statement: SCP-8609's idealism may prove to be a potential disruptor to Foundation objectives, and care should be taken to ensure cooperation and willingness to comply with the Foundation's containment procedures.