Item #: SCP-7352

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7352 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber, furnished to her specifications, and connected to the Site-17 power grid. SCP-7352 does not require a nutrition plan as she must consume Fast Food for her powers to activate. A playlist of her preferred music must be provided whenever SCP-7352 is allowed recreation periods.

Description: SCP-7352 is a young adult human female with orange stripes and red lip makeup. Her eyes are augmented with VR Jade LEDs that emit light within a range of spectral frequencies, and her head is characterized by short witch-styled hair.

The subject's most prominent abnormalities are the presence of a goggle on her forehead, a jade earring attached to her right earlobe, a gold chain around her neck, and an LED gas mask. Both the jade earring and goggle were donated by SCP-███, a well-known anomaly jewelry artist. The gold chain is engraved with an unknown emblem that appears to enhance SCP-7352's abilities.

SCP-7352's personality is cheerful and exuberant and seems to be aware of her innate abilities, which allow her to enhance her physical and reflexive capabilities to beyond human levels. SCP-7352 displays a strong sense of duty and responsibility, which she applies to her work as a Fast Food worker. SCP-7352 can activate her Fast Food powered abilities without the need of consuming the product. SCP-7352 has demonstrated exceptional speed, agilty and reflexes, which results in remarkable precision in her work with food inside any establishment.

SCP-7352 requests that recreation periods include music that inspires and motivates her, and she often dances and sings to these melodies. However, care must be given to avoid any media that can provoke violent behavior, as SCP-7352's abilities could become a dangerous asset in the process. 

Addendum: Dr. ██████ believes that SCP-7352's unknown magical origins could classify her as a Partially Altered in her metabolic pathways, allowing her to produce her own Fast Food for her abilities. Additional testing is necessary to confirm this theory. Experience with SCP-7352 for periods extended to ██ days straight with a continuous supply of QP burgers have proven SCP-7352 poses no risk or harm towards her surroundings. The following interview log in this testing phase gives additional insight into SCP-7352's experience and characteristics.

Interview Log: 
Dr. ██████: "Good morning, SCP-7352. How are you feeling today?"

SCP-7352: "Good morning, Doc! I'm feeling great! Especially today, it's rare for me to have a full day with the chance to just sing and dance with all this energy I have."

Dr. ██████: "SCP-7352, can you elaborate on your ability to summon these powers at will?"

SCP-7352: "Well, I can't really explain how it works, but it feels like a battery charge or instant adrenaline rush, and every time I eat my Fast Food, it charges me up, and my abilities awakens like a second skin, you know? As long as I'm stocked up on it, I'm good to go."

Dr. ██████: "Understood. SCP-7352, do you have any control over these abilities?"

SCP-7352: "Of course! It feels natural, like its part of me. I can control and enhance my physical attributes to high levels while still being able to regular things like human beings do. But, you know, gotta be careful not to hurt anybody."

Dr. ██████: "Interesting. Can you specify any additional abilities not mentioned in previous reports?"

SCP-7352: "Hmm… let's see…when I drank some coffee, it felt kinda weird. My heart was racing, and even though I didn't want to, I felt hyper-energized. I think I gained levels of Alertness and Enthusiasm from the caffeine. It was a different feeling, but really useful!"

Dr. ██████: "I see. Thank you for your time, SCP-7352. Stay safe and enjoy the rest of your day."

SCP-7352: "No problem, Doc! Catch you later!" 

End Log.