SCP Foundation Description:

Item #: SCP-6037

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-6037 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber. Interaction with SCP-6037 may only be conducted with the presence of at least two Level 2 personnel. Any communication with SCP-6037 must be conducted through intercom or through a speaker system.

Description: SCP-6037 is a human female who identifies herself as a car salesman. SCP-6037's most distinctive feature is the presence of spots on her face, coupled with a purple lip color. SCP-6037's eyes are red in color which resemble that of a clown. SCP-6037 covers her head with a hoodie and wears a medical mask over her mouth to conceal her facial features. She wears a silver chain on her neck as an accessory.

SCP-6037 displays a personality that is characterized by her deep reverence for traditions. She is known to have a stoic attitude and is usually serious about her work. However, SCP-6037 has also been observed to have a playful side. She enjoys telling jokes and stories, which have been passed down through her family or community. SCP-6037's humorous side, when triggered, can lead to anomalous behavior.

SCP-6037's anomalous abilities manifest when she becomes too invested in a particular story or anecdote. At these times, SCP-6037 gains the ability to manipulate reality based on the objects or events mentioned in the story or anecdote. These changes can be small or significant, and they can persist for several hours before returning to their original state.

Addendum: SCP-6037 was initially found when a customer of the dealership she worked in reported unusual behavior and changes to the car they purchased. Upon investigation, SCP-6037 was identified to be the cause of the changes. After recovering SCP-6037, a full psychological evaluation was conducted, confirming her abilities.

Note: SCP-6037’s abilities could be of great assistance in specific tasks required by the Foundation. However, the nature of their abilities being triggered by anecdotal and storytelling nature means proper usage needs to be carefully monitored. The Ethics committee has recommended we offer an exchange for confidentiality and freedom to SCP-6037 in exchange for her cooperation with Foundation needs. Proposal details are under review.