Item #: SCP-8567

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-8567 is to be monitored via closed-circuit cameras at all times during its shifts at the [REDACTED] fast food restaurant. Any anomalous behavior is to be reported to the site director immediately for further action.

SCP-8567 is to be provided with a silver chain as part of its uniform which has been modified to contain GPS tracking technology in case of a breach or unexpected disappearance.

SCP-8567 has been informed that any unauthorized actions may result in serious consequences. It is advised that any interaction with SCP-8567 should be done with caution as it has been observed to have a strong sense of independence and may resist authority.

Description: SCP-8567 is a male human with orange tiger stripes on its face, giving the impression of a permanent mask. Its hair is white and is styled in a manner similar to that of a monk, which is further accentuated by a pair of goggles resting on its forehead. SCP-8567 is required to wear a silver chain as part of its uniform.

SCP-8567 is a fast food worker at [REDACTED]. Despite its mundane occupation, SCP-8567 possesses anomalous properties which require special containment. SCP-8567 can manipulate reality to a small degree, allowing it to perform acts such as manipulating inventory, create illusions or alter events.

Personality: SCP-8567 has a rebellious streak that sometimes leads to it breaking rules or leaving work early. It may be resistant to authority and may require special handling in case of conflict. SCP-8567 has been noted to have little regard for authority or rules that it deems unnecessary, which can lead to worrying behavior within the containment facility.

Addendum: SCP-8567 has a history of anomalously affecting the minds of customers within the restaurant during peak hours. Further study is required to understand this ability and develop corresponding containment protocols.

SCP-8567 has requested that it be referred to as "Stripe" by Foundation staff. This request is currently under review by site command.