Item #: SCP-7972

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7972 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber with appropriate amenities for his species. Access to any form of technology capable of internet connectivity is strictly prohibited.

Description: SCP-7972 is a male monkey of indeterminate origin. It possesses the ability to communicate in all known human languages and has been determined to have an intelligence level well above that of a normal monkey. SCP-7972 is currently in the employ of the local police department as a police officer.

SCP-7972 exhibits an unusual fashion sense. It is often seen wearing a retro cap and shade glasses, as well as a gold earring and chain. SCP-7972 is known to be very analytical and logical, often enjoying debates and arguments with others. This tendency has led to several humorous situations where SCP-7972 has engaged in heated debates on trivial topics with those around him.

SCP-7972's condition is considered highly anomalous, and as such, it poses a potential security risk to the Foundation. All forms of technology capable of internet connectivity are strictly prohibited in SCP-7972's containment chamber as it has demonstrated an interest in accessing and researching certain sensitive information that could compromise Foundation secrecy.

SCP-7972 is humanoid in form; however, it has been determined that its genetic structure reflects its former species. Testing revealed that SCP-7972's cerebellum, frontal lobe, and parietal lobe are highly developed, suggesting that it possesses some form of enhanced cognitive and learning abilities.

Addendum: Following the successful recruitment of SCP-7972 to the local police force, its unique abilities have proven highly beneficial in solving cases that would have otherwise taken much longer for regular officers to solve. SCP-7972 has since become a highly respected and valued member of the force. However, further monitoring of SCP-7972's activities is necessary to ensure it does not become a security risk to the Foundation.