SCP Foundation Case File #6444: "The Tiger Realtor"

Identification number: 6444

Job: Real Estate Agent

Species: Tiger (Panthera tigris)

Sex: Male

Face feature #1: Frightened Mouth

Eyes: Horned Rim Glasses

Head: Not Arranged Green

Mouth: Medical Mask

Personality: SCP-6444 tends to be very idealistic and may have a strong desire to make the world a better place. This can lead to some humorous situations, such as protesting or boycotting a company or cause that they feel goes against their values.

Description: SCP-6444 is a male tiger standing at 7 feet tall, weighing approximately 450 pounds. Despite his fearsome appearance, SCP-6444 is very docile and has shown no aggression towards staff during its containment. SCP-6444 is capable of speech and displays a high level of intelligence, with a particular aptitude for business and real estate.

SCP-6444 was first encountered by Foundation agents posing as potential buyers during an investigation into unusual activity within the local real estate market. Upon discovery, SCP-6444 willingly agreed to be contained by the Foundation in exchange for assistance in finding a suitable living space within its containment.

SCP-6444 has since been assigned to a containment chamber outfitted to resemble a luxury apartment, complete with furnishings and amenities, including a computer and internet access.

SCP-6444 has demonstrated a firm sense of his morality, protesting and boycotting companies that he believes are unethical. Such instances include a store for selling fur coats and a company that produces products tested on animals. Despite initial hesitations, SCP-6444 has also shown willingness to work with Foundation personnel to find ways to improve living conditions for other captured animals.

Addendum: SCP-6444 has communicated a desire to leave containment in order to pursue outside interests, such as engaging in activism efforts and volunteering at local animal shelters. However, given SCP-6444's unique nature and potential risks associated with his release, containment will remain in effect until further notice.