Item #: SCP-7818

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7818 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment cell. His living quarters must include a metal chain secured to the wall for him to hold onto, along with a assortment of candy as a form of positive reinforcement. SCP-7818 must be provided with regular psychological consultations to ensure any signs of rebellion or unrest are detected and addressed in a timely fashion. 

Description: SCP-7818 is a male monkey of the Capuchin variety, standing approximately 30 cm in height and weighing around 3 kg. The subject has a frightened expression frequently plastered on his face, with a constantly agape mouth. His eyes resemble ski goggles in appearance, though it is unclear if this trait is due to some form of mutation or from SCP-7818’s specific species. 

SCP-7818 is typically outfitted in a hooded sweatshirt with a silver chain affixed around his neck, which he often grips onto with tenacity. The subject is uncooperative and can exhibit aggressive behavior if approached in a confrontational manner. However, with the judicious application of candy, SCP-7818 responds positively and is more likely to enter a cooperative state. 

The subject is employed as a banker and is known to exhibit rebellious tendencies if he perceives that he is being held down by rules or constraints he feels are unnecessary. While generally compliant with those in authority, SCP-7818 has been known to sneak out of work early or take unauthorized leave of absence. In order to prevent such activity and ensure safe containment, strict protocols and disciplinary measures have been established by Foundation personnel. 

Addendum: Psychological evaluations reveal that SCP-7818 possesses a strong sense of independence, likely inherited from his species. While generally unresponsive to demands, the subject responds positively to positive reinforcement, allowing for greater ability for personnel to work with and around him.