Item #: 2865

Object Class: Euclid

Job Title: Farmer

Species: Monkey (Possibly Homo Sapiens Sapiens?)

Sex: Male

Containment Procedures: Subject 2865 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber, outfitted with a steel-reinforced doors and walls, fitted with CCTV cameras, and monitored at all times via an observation booth located directly opposite the containment chamber. All personnel entering the observation booth and/or the containment chamber must be outfitted in appropriate personal protective equipment to minimize any potential contact with 2865. Additionally, all staff must undergo thorough screenings for communicable diseases prior to any interaction with the subject, as a precautionary measure due to creature's biological status.

Description: Subject 2865 is a monkey species of unknown origin. The creature stands at approximately 4 feet tall and weighs roughly 80 pounds. Its most notable physical features include VR rainbow LED eyes, a blue bandana around its head, a jade earring in its left ear, and a red scarf draped around its neck. 

The creature's unique features have caused some speculation about its potential sapience, although attempts at direct communication through spoken language thus far have been unsuccessful. Chief among the creature's anomalous traits is its organization and efficiency, which is atypical of non-human primates; use of rudimentary tools and implements have also been observed, although it is unclear to what extent the creature's manipulation of such devices constitutes tool usage. 

Subject 2865's personality appears to be characterized by a controlling nature and a matter-of-fact approach to decision-making. Despite being non-human, the creature appears to have a sense of humor and has been observed delegating tasks to others in serious group scenarios. 

Notes: Subject 2865's source and history are unknown, making its containment and study quite difficult. With its unpredictability and potential for violence, all personnel must exercise extreme caution in their interactions with the creature in order to avoid any negative consequences. It is recommended that further study into the true nature and origins of 2865 be conducted, in order to prevent any consequences which may have otherwise been unforeseen.