Item #: SCP-7182

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-7182 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber located in Site-██. Personnel interacting with SCP-7182 must wear Level-2 security clearance at all times. Any attempts to negotiate or persuade SCP-7182 outside of mandated interviews are prohibited.

Description: SCP-7182 is a male monkey that measures approximately 3 feet in height. Its head is adorned with a purple cap and a headset, while the eyes are frequently seen behind horned-rimmed glasses. The ears of SCP-7182 are decorated by a gold earring. SCP-7182 is reportedly a real estate agent by profession.

SCP-7182 demonstrates an uncanny ability to amuse and entertain its audience. They possess a great sense of humor and enjoy entertaining others. This can lead to some non-threatening yet anomalous situations, involving humorous stories, songs or even impersonations, effectively serving as a "comic relief". While SCP-7182's abilities may initially appear benign, it has demonstrated an ability to manipulate people and even cause them to act against their interests, albeit without malicious intent.

SCP-7182 does not appear to be capable of vocal communication outside of its simulations. It communicates via written notes or by typing through its headset. This mode of communication is apparently a part of its act as an entertainer. Despite its comedic abilities, however, SCP-7182 is highly adaptable and can be remarkably articulate and persuasive when the situation demands.

SCP-7182 displays an affinity for entertainment, music, and comedy. It commonly requests access to reputable comedy and music magazines or other literature as well as the latest comedy routines of famous comedians. Personnel with a background in comedic arts or entertainment may more easily bond with SCP-7182.

Addendum: SCP-7182 was retrieved during an investigation of a real estate fraud case in Houston. Aspects of SCP-7182's background remain unclear or unrevealed at this time. Further investigations to reveal any anomalous properties or behavior is still ongoing.