Item #: SCP-1755

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1755 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-19. Any gift exchanges sponsored by the Foundation must first be approved by a Level 3 clearance or higher. In case of gift-giving, SCP-1755 is limited to a budget determined beforehand.

Description: SCP-1755 is a humanoid of unknown origin and age, with a striking appearance featuring orange stripes on the left side of the face and an orange side part of the head. Her most prominent feature is a red cross earring on each ear. SCP-1755 always wears a medical mask that conceals most of its face except the striking orange eyebrow stripe and the red lipstick. She never removes the mask, refusing it even during medical exams, operations, or breathing treatments.

The subject claims to be a veterinarian and has basic knowledge of animal anatomy, but further investigations on her origin and professional qualifications could not confirm her previous occupation. Nevertheless, her caretaking abilities proved particularly helpful with several SCPs with illnesses or physical conditions requiring specific treatment rarely found outside of a veterinary practice.

SCP-1755's most notable attribute is her analytical perception, allowing her to observe seemingly minor details deemed ordinary by most people. She excels at selecting personalized gifts for those around her, often causing the befuddlement of personnel who receive items crafted with incredible detail that suiting their taste.

Although considerate, SCP-1755 suffers from overthinking, often spending days or weeks worrying about the moments' optimal gift, even driving herself to extreme measures to achieve the gift's perfectness. This behavior has resulted in several suspicious activities that may threaten the Foundation's security, hence making the subject's gift exchange involvement at higher risks.

SCP-1755 exhibits no anomalous abilities, but certain objects in her possession remain unexplained, such as a gold chain she wears around her neck; however, this chain has no adverse effects on her behavior or affix any anomalous ability.

Addendum: On ██/██/██, Site-██ had a spontaneous lockdown of the facility for 72 hours, causing SCP-1755's caged area to fill with smoke. When the team finally able to clear the air, they found SCP-1755 outside of the cell. After reviewing the security footage of SCP-1755, the three-day inhalation of smoke and ash from the locked cells hasn't caused any visible damage or threat to the subjugated area's internal organs or respiratory systems. Nevertheless, the Foundation still recommends caution in all future emergencies that could arise, given SCP-1755's unusual ability to survive apparent hazards.