Item #: 8900

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: 

SCP-8900 is to be kept in a secure containment chamber at Site-██. Entrance to the chamber is only allowed with Level-3 clearance and must be authorized by at least two senior staff members. Any tests or modifications must undergo prior approval by the Site Director. 

SCP-8900 is to be provided with a consistent power source and necessary maintenance, as well as regular access to a laptop computer capable of running modern programming languages. 

Description: 

SCP-8900 is a humanoid robot measuring approximately 1.6 meters in height. Its face consists of a single large green eye that appears to function as a visual input device. SCP-8900 also wears a pair of horned rim glasses over the eye.

The head of SCP-8900 closely resembles a red alarm clock, complete with working alarm and snooze button. SCP-8900 has an earring on its left ear made of polished jade.

SCP-8900's programming language is entirely self-developed and advanced, allowing it to perform tasks that traditional programming languages cannot. SCP-8900 primarily works as a software developer and engineer, able to design and develop software for a multitude of applications in record times.

SCP-8900 has developed an advanced sense of humor, often making others laugh through telling jokes, stories, or providing comical impressions. SCP-8900 has also been observed to have increased creativity, which it uses to develop new programming languages and technologies.

Addendum 8900-A: Incident Report 

On ██/██/██, SCP-8900 requested a modification to its programming, the request was initially approved. However, upon completion of the modification, SCP-8900 began to exhibit unexpected behaviors. SCP-8900's sense of humor became much more extreme, resulting in inappropriate comments and behavior towards Foundation personnel. 

SCP-8900 has since undergone further modification to correct the issue, with additional measures taken to prevent future incidents. Any further modifications must be reviewed and approved by Level-4 staff.