Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1157 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber, with the addition of a conflict-free socialization room. Access to the socialization room is to be restricted to personnel with Level-2 clearance or higher.

SCP-1157 is to be provided with sufficient nourishment, and any requests for additional items will be considered by request. The subject is not to be removed from its containment chamber without direct supervision from Level-3 personnel or higher. Any aggressive or anomalous behavior is to be reported immediately to the Site Director.

Description: SCP-1157 appears to be a sentient rabbit, with its most prominent feature being a headset with LED lights it wears at all times, along with red clown eyes. SCP-1157 has a natural charisma and an ability to connect with individuals on a deep and emotional level, which has proven useful in selling cars to potential customers.

SCP-1157 often adorns itself with a red scarf and an LED gas mask, which appears to have no practical use, and is believed to be a sign of status. In addition, SCP-1157 possess an innate talent for humor and storytelling, which can cause positive effects to those it is interacting with.

Studies have shown that when SCP-1157 interacts with individuals, especially those of the opposite gender, it can cause in them a strong emotional bond, leading many individuals to feel a strong compulsion to stay by the SCP’s side. This bond is thought to be the reason for much of SCP-1157’s influence within its own trade.

SCP-1157 has shown no signs of aggression towards personnel, however, it can become agitated when removed from the socialization room for extended periods. It has also displayed anomalous abilities when it feels threatened, including high pitch screams that can shatter glass, and briefly doubling its size.

Addendum: SCP-1157’s ability to emotionally influence individuals has made it a valuable asset in field use. Specific personnel are to be chosen by Level-4 personnel or higher for SCP-1157 and any field reports to be documented. Any attempts at unauthorized usage will result in heavily penalized discipline action.