SCP Foundation Information Report

Identification number: SCP-9987

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-9987 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-17. The chamber should be furnished with appropriate amenities, including a television and sound system, to keep SCP-9987 occupied. Weekly psychological evaluations are mandatory. It is advised that all personnel interacting with SCP-9987 avoid discussing media that may spark emotional responses.

Description: SCP-9987 is a male humanoid identified as a Siberian tiger (Panthera tigris altaica) by its appearance. SCP-9987 works as a news anchor, referred to as "Steve" by colleagues and acquaintances. On camera, SCP-9987 appears professional and collected, but during off-air hours, its personality becomes increasingly expressive and emotionally-driven. 

SCP-9987 has blue "clown eyes," a feature that confers no known anomaly, and typically wears a red beanie on its head. A jade earring can be seen on its left ear, and a silver chain is often wrapped around its neck. 

SCP-9987 is highly sensitive and frequently moved to tears by sentimental moments in media. This extends to music and art forms that elicit strong emotions. Speeches, war movies, and even mundane events have caused SCP-9987 to break down in tears. SCP-9987 exhibits a strong preference for positive and uplifting media that inspires hope and joy. The SCP's emotional sensitivity has made it prone to psychological distress and depression, causing incidents of self-harm and suicidal ideation. It is imperative that all personnel involved with SCP-9987's care maintain a professional and compassionate demeanor. 

Addendum 9987-A: Incident Log

On ██/██/████, SCP-9987 was exposed to a documentary about animal abuse. The SCP became inconsolable and repeatedly expressed a desire to "burn the world down." Following this outburst, a suicide attempt was made, necessitating emergency medical intervention. It was discovered that SCP-9987 had been keeping a "kill list" of suspected animal abusers and poachers. Further investigation revealed that SCP-9987 had been advocating for direct physical harm towards these individuals. As a result, SCP-9987's access to media has been severely restricted, and its psychological evaluations have been increased to bi-weekly.