Item #: SCP-1037

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-1037 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site-██. Due to their profession, they are to be monitored by Foundation agents at all times, and any public appearances must be approved by at least two Level 4 personnel. SCP-1037 is not permitted to have any communication with the outside world outside of pre-approved events or situations.

Description:

SCP-1037 is a humanoid male with orange stripes on their face. They are usually seen wearing a purple cap with a headset and a silver chain around their neck. Their most distinctive feature is their red clown eyes, which are highly unusual for a human.

SCP-1037 is a politician and, at times, can be quite rebellious, delighting in pushing boundaries and breaking rules. While this can lead to humorous situations, it also makes SCP-1037 a difficult subject to contain. Foundation agents must remain vigilant to ensure that SCP-1037 does not cause any harm or jeopardize the mission of the Foundation.

SCP-1037 is a highly intelligent individual skilled in political maneuvering and manipulation. They are considered to be a significant threat, both inside and outside of the Foundation, due to their ability to influence others and move easily within the highest echelons of society.

Addendum:

Interview with SCP-1037

Dr. ██████: Can you tell us about your current position in government?

SCP-1037: (laughs) I'm not sure I can! That would be breaking the rules, wouldn't it?

Dr. ██████: Well, let's try this another way. How do you feel about the Foundation's containment procedures?

SCP-1037: (smirks) Oh, I think they're doing their best. But we all know that rules are made to be broken, don't we? It's just a matter of time before someone finds a way out, don't you think?

Dr. ██████: I believe that's all we have for today. Thank you for your time, SCP-1037.

(end of log)

Note: SCP-1037 is to be kept under close observation at all times, and any attempts to breach containment must be met with immediate response. The Foundation cannot afford to let SCP-1037's unique abilities get into the wrong hands.