Item #: SCP-902

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-902 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment cell. The walls of the cell are to be constructed of reinforced steel and must be at least 30 centimeters thick. SCP-902 is to wear a medical mask at all times when interacting with any personnel, for safety of both parties. During interviews, SCP-902 is to be watched closely as it has been known to use its outgoing nature to extract information from interviewers.

Description: SCP-902 is a human female news anchor with a generally upbeat personality. It is 1.68 meters tall and weighs 62.5 kilograms. SCP-902's most prominent facial features are the spots on her face and its red lipstick. In addition, it wears normal glasses and a hoodie over her head.

SCP-902's personality is one of the most unusual features of its behavior. It tends toward extremes, with a need to be social and engage with others. SCP-902 often attempts to take center stage in social situations, trying to capture the attention of those around it. Its need for social interaction can cause it to act erratically.

SCP-902 has an uncanny ability to make others laugh or relax in tense situations. It appears to have a natural talent for telling jokes and humorous stories, which it often uses to disarm its interviewers. SCP-902's humor and laughter seems to be a form of self-defense that it uses to deflect uncomfortable situations, and to distract interviewers in order to gather information.

SCP-902's anomalous nature is still under investigation, but its outgoing and charismatic personality, combined with its unusual physical appearance, has made it an interesting subject for study. Researchers believe that SCP-902 may possess a form of mind-altering abilities, which it uses to influence those around it.

Addendum 902-A: SCP-902 was recovered from [REDACTED] after reports of a news anchor with unusual physical features and an engaging personality surfaced. Foundation agents discovered that SCP-902's broadcasts had an unusual effect on those who viewed them, which led to investigation and eventual containment. Further research is ongoing to determine the exact nature of SCP-902's abilities.