Item #: SCP-8106

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-8106 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-19. They must wear a standard issue straight jacket and be sedated at all times. All verbal communication with SCP-8106 must be monitored by at least two Level-2 personnel. Physical contact with SCP-8106 is forbidden at all times. The use of any electronic or recording devices is strictly prohibited in the vicinity of SCP-8106.

SCP-8106 is to be provided with a minimum of four sedatives daily, as it has been known to exhibit aggressive behavior.

Description: SCP-8106 is a 34-year-old human male, who used to work as a doctor before containment. SCP-8106's eyes are bright red, reminiscent of clown makeup. He is consistently wearing a bucket hat and a gold earring.

SCP-8106 is incredibly analytical and logical, with a tendency to enjoy debates with others. This characteristic can provide some humorous situations He can engage in a heated debate on topics that others may consider trivial or unimportant. SCP-8106 has an uncanny ability to spot and exploit logical fallacies in the arguments of others. This tendency, combined with a growing aggression, has led to previous violent outbursts.

SCP-8106 is known to be a chain smoker and can consume up to three packets of cigarettes daily. The effects of nicotine on SCP-8106's behavior and mental state require further investigation.

Addendum: SCP-8106 was apprehended in the urban area of ████████ in a state of frenzy, attacking multiple individuals. After a lengthy pursuit by local law enforcement, SCP-8106 was subdued and administered sedatives to bring him to a docile state. After examination and containment, all persons attacked by SCP-8106 have shown no anomalous effects; however, they have shown extreme terror and have been classified as a potential risk to the secrecy of the Foundation's activities. Furthermore, any member of personnel discovered to have enabled this terror will be subjected to disciplinary action, including demotion, reassignment or termination. Research into SCP-8106's anomalous capabilities and origins is ongoing.