Item #: 2229

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: SCP-2229 is to be contained within a standard humanoid containment chamber lined with synthetic grass and provided with a secure pantry full of carrots and water. The chamber must be equipped with proper ventilation and heating as per the ambient temperature of the habitat of SCP-2229. Security personnel are not to engage in any political discussions or any activity that might cause emotional distress to SCP-2229.

Description: SCP-2229 is a sapient rabbit with a height of 1 meter that possessed a mechanical expertise equivalent to a high school degree level. SCP-2229 presents itself as a male wearing a police cap with ordinary glasses, a red scarf and a candy stick in its possession. The creature is also known for its stubborn nature and reliance on its everyday routines.

SCP-2229 is a very meticulous individual that prefers to work in solitude, focusing deeply on repairing and maintaining mechanical objects. Despite their easily aggravated nature, SCP-2229's ability to complete their tasks with precision is incredibly admirable. SCP-2229 has an outspoken love for carrots and is seen to have a strong distaste for any food other than will react aggressively when denied access to carrots.

SCP-2229 possesses a slightly above average IQ and likes to keep its chamber organized and neat, displaying an uncharacteristic level of attention to detail for sentient rabbits. When encountered with new ideas, it becomes stubborn and holds onto its routines or gives overreactions that are deemed odd or funny, but it is generally easy to work with.

Addendum: SCP-2229 is incredibly useful in repairing, managing and operating mechanical objects in the Foundation. SCP-2229 has displayed a strong knowledge base of technology that is used in Foundation technologies such as motor vehicles, aircraft and other technology in need of maintenance. However, it is advised not to incorporate SCP-2229 into other Foundation projects as it might lead to the disturbance of its routine or unintended consequences.